Erdogan affirms that Turkey would reject any pressure to recognize Cyprus to recognize Cyprus .
Ankara 12-12 ( AFP ) - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced on Wednesday that Ankara would reject any pressure that might be exerted by the EU to urge Cyprus to recognize Cyprus , two weeks before the summit of heads of state and government of the European Union , which
" the EU cannot afford our own to be put through imposing new conditions on Cyprus , " Erdogan told a channel of " NTV " television .
we will discuss this file in accession negotiations , " he said .
" let me be clear , not to the Turkish arm , which cannot be the matter , " he said .
the European Parliament is expected to recommend on Dec. 14 and the heads of state and government of Union and government to agree to open accession negotiations with Ankara , but with specific conditions .
Greece considers that Ankara 's recognition of Cyprus , which has become a member of the EU , is " a condition of its own , " so that the EU gives green support to open negotiations with Ankara .
Turkey is still rejecting the recognition of the Republic of Cyprus , which has become a EU member since May 1 , but the only country in the world recognized the " Northern Cyprus Republic " which has declared its independence in the north of the island .
Erdogan also rejected the principle of opening negotiations to establish a privileged partnership between Turkey and the EU as an alternative from accession negotiations .
" this proposal , which cannot accept , does not conform with a serious organization like the EU , " Erdogan said in the issue .
" we want to start negotiations in the first six months of 2005 or on the second section of the year if it is not yet yet , but we cannot determine history of negotiations in 2006 , " he said .
head of Cali Bobolle Organization to the United States
Bogota bt the Lord 's Assembly ( Southin ) , a correspondent of the Lord 's Republic of Kikerto , and a one of the biggest drug traffickers in the world , on Friday evening , a Xinhua correspondent said .
Arfouela ( 64 years old ) was arrested since 1995 from Labbouta prison and took place in an armored mechanism to a nearby military base at the Bogota Airport where he delivered to officials at the US Agency for Drug Control
the transportation operation was put up by 120 policemen and soldiers within the framework of a car convoy while a police helicopter flew over the area .
in a statement by Agence France Presse , Colonel Oscar Naranoo , who is responsible for the extradition process " worked in coordination with the American teams to combat narcotics and its delivery , was taken at a plane directly for the United States . "
Ewouwunela seemed calm when he was taken to the American plane , which will be transferred to Miami in Florida .
authorities said they had allowed him to contact with the phone of his family from the armored car .
he was then discharged after a police doctor was discharged .
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe has allowed to complete the handover process on November 8 .
the decree , signed by President , and Justice Minister Sabas Prreas , said Colombia agreed to hand over the Rodergos Audununa on the basis of " exporting drugs to the United States , possessing cocaine and money , through international network
the Americans in December agreed to hand over the two hand , which is " chess player , " and his brother .
the two countries accuse the two countries of exporting large quantities of cocaine to the United States between 1990 and July 2002 and hundreds of millions of dollars and disrupting the work of the American judiciary .
in Florida , the anti-narcotics agency refused to comment on Colombia 's decision .
views between Ankara and Moscow on fighting terrorism
( photo )
Ankara 12-12 ( AFP ) -- Russia and Turkey announced on Monday that they were identical to their views on terrorism and signed a number of cooperation agreements during a historic visit to Russian President Vladimir Putin to Turkey .
six bilateral agreements on various topics of economic , military , and other , and other , signed by Putin and his Turkish counterpart , Ahmed Necdet Sezer signed a declaration on deepening bilateral cooperation .
" the joint declaration defines the future of our relations and underlines our determination to develop our cooperation , " said the Russian president .
Turkey thanked Russia for its support to terrorism , hinting that differences were overcome in the views that led to deterioration of relations between the two countries over years .
" we are grateful to the Turkish nation and Turkey 's leadership of the moral and political support , which has been presented to Russia in its struggle against international terrorism , " Putin said .
the two-day visit , which has been witnessed by the two countries , has been devoted to a great increase since the end of the cold war .
the political relations between the two countries in the past years witnessed a period of tension due to exchanging accusations of the accusations of terrorism , which Moscow has been in the fact that Turkey is a turning of the Chechen separatist movements on its soil in its territory , accusing Russia of harboring Kurdish separatists
Putin stressed that " points of views on the ways of fighting terrorism are on the way of fighting terrorism . "
the joint declaration refers to the two presidents , especially to the importance of " promoting joint efforts in fighting terrorism , " " we condemn terrorism with all its forms , " the joint declaration said .
Putin is the first Russian president to visit Turkey since Nikolai Buddougi in 1972 .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will meet before leaving the Turkish capital of the Turkish capital .
de Villepin wants " French imams speak fluent French language " "
Paris 12-12 ( AFP ) - French Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin announced in an interview with " Parisien " newspaper " The " " Bild " newspaper published in his edition on Tuesday that he " is unacceptable that a third of the imams in our country does not speak to our country , " calling
the Interior Minister , who received a meeting on the religious issue , said that " it is about 1,200 villages in our country 75 % of them , including France , and two people , not speak with our own , not talking to our own to our own . "
" this is not acceptable , " he added .
France must be French imams , " French language , French language , French language , who should be French imams , French language , " French language , " " we must be French imams , "
" so that every candidate should be subjected to this task , all of the foremost candidates will be able to work on the basis of the ( the existing institutions of the ( under the ( the ) ( the organization and the training of the university ) through giving lessons in law , civil education
he said he wanted " to organize continuous rehabilitation of the freedom of those who practices their religious duties now . "
de Villepin also said that the number of the French Muslims in France " is almost all of the same categories of religions , " " less than 10 percent of the five million people . "
" the French Muslims are protesting their overwhelming courage , " he said , adding that " it is out of 1,685 place for imprisonment , according to a census prepared on Oct. 1 , which is a less than 50 , of which it is
" there is no inevitable in the growing movement of extremist movement in France , " he said , adding " there is no need for the growing of the extremist movement in the year 2000 , and 32 in 2003 .
thanks to operations directed , this figure has made a decline in 20 , " he said .
King of Bahrain meets Saudi leaders during a brief visit to Queen Sofia
Riyadh 12-12 ( AFP ) - Bahrain 's King Hamad Bin Isa Al Khalifa , a successor of Bahrain , held a brief visit to Saudi Arabia , during which Saudi officials met Saudi officials , the official Saudi News Agency reported .
the Bahraini monarch met King Fahd Bin Abdul Aziz , Crown Prince Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz , and held talks with the latter , which dealt with " all events and developments on the Gulf , Arab , Arab , Islamic and international arenas , especially the situation in Iraq and the developments of the Palestinian
the talks touched on " the position of the brotherly countries ( from these issues ) , as well as the prospects of cooperation between the two countries , and ways to enhance all fields , including their common interests , " said the KCNA .
a source from the Bahraini delegation told Agence France Presse that King would discuss Saudi officials " fraternal relations between the two brotherly countries and the horizons of common cooperation , as well as issues of common concern . "
the source denied any relaxation in relations between the two countries .
the Bahraini source emphasized that " the visit comes within the framework of coordination and consultations between Bahrain and Saudi Arabia , and there is no doubt that it will be going to the Gulf summit , which will be hosted by Bahrain on December 20 . "
the visit comes two days after the criticisms of Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al-Faisal to Bahrain on the background of signing an free trade agreement with the United States .
" the issue , which calls for a view to the Gulf Cooperation Dialogue , " held by the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , said in Manama , " What we call for concern that we see some members of the Council of Cooperation to conclude separate bilateral agreements with international forces , whether they are
US ARMY : army Killed innocent people in Iraq
Toronto 12-12 ( AFP ) - Jeremy HattZaman , a US military soldier , cited a political asylum in Canada on Tuesday , on Tuesday , with marines , Roy Ratta , who is the US military to examine the file of HinZaman 's file how he
in his testimony before the Immigration Commission and the situation , the refugees , which are looking in the application of the asylum asylum , made the fact that the 26-year-old man , who was the first of the 26 years , was given , saying that he
" more than 30 " were killed by his men at a checkpoint in Baghdad in spring 2003 , he said .
he explained that the soldiers in those period and fear of suicide operations were fired at all a car that stopped on the barrier after an signal from the hand or firing .
he pointed out that four cars were attacked by gunfire , but when it was searched by the soldiers , no evidence found that they were carrying no evidence that it was carrying innocent innocent people .
he also recalled that he saw soldiers who killed four soldiers , who were killed in the following day in an operation in the Iraqi capital .
" when you don 't know what the enemy do what do ? " and after suffering a result of the failure of the coludess , he was a result of the military service , after 12 years of military struggles ,
Henbera , who was a member of the 82nd Airborne Division and CARE , said he realized after his departure in 2001 that he was unable to kill a human man .
he traveled to Canada with his wife , his son , and asked political asylum , stressing that he would face the way for the United States if they return to the United States .
Defense Authority : in Geneva , Red Cross , in Geneva , declined to meet a delegation from the authority
Amman 12-12 ( AFP ) - The Defense Organization announced that the officials of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) in Geneva had refused to interview three of its members in Geneva on Wednesday .
" three lawyers from the Authority were scheduled to meet officials at Geneva , " said the spokesman , who is to be held by Agence Cross , saying that " three of them were , before this , , " and that they were
he explained that the three French lawyers were exposed to the headquarters of the Organization in Geneva , at an formal request from the Defense Authority for Saddam Hussein .
he said the aim of the visit was " to be informed of the situation of President Saddam Hussein and other detainees , " noting that " the argument presented by the committee to reject the delegation is that it does not want to intervene in light of conflicting statements " on
interim Iraqi interim government leader Iyad Allawi announced Tuesday in Baghdad that the trial of the " symbols " of Saddam Hussein 's regime would start next week .
Iraqi Defense Minister Hazem al-Shaalan announced Wednesday that Hassan Al-Majid , nicknamed " Chemical Ali " , was the first official in the former regime , which is being tried to be the first official in the former regime .
the Defense Organization has considered the former Iraqi president that the trial of the former regime of the former regime was considered " invalid " as the defendant 's lawyers did not attend interrogation .
the first anniversary of the arrest of ousted Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was celebrated by conflicting information from the former regime of the former regime of the former regime of the Iraqi and Iraqi lawyers , which is among the confirmation of Iraqi lawyers , and denied a American military
the Defense Authority announced Monday a strike of former Iraqi president of the former Iraqi president and his pressure on the pressure exerted by the top leaders to make them to them to testify against them , without sure that Saddam 's participation is
the Defense Authority , which is based from Amman , includes 23 members , including former Libyan leader , Akisha Mumar , and the United Arab leader , and a American , and a American ,
Rabat REJECTS BORNED TO EUROPE , RORNED
Rabat 12-12 ( AFP ) - Moroccan Minister of Justice , Mohamed Boubouboua , rejected Thursday that the terrorist acts in the Netherlands were not attributed to Morocco because of those who are involved in acts of such a kind of
Dutch authorities , Mohamed Boubari , 26 , who carrying Moroccan nationality and Dutch nationality , suspended on Nov. 2 , with six other suspects .
in an interview with " Ungorgy Le Margouy , " Buboua , stressed that people involved in terrorism cases in Holland " did not carry a Moroccan nationality and double dual and only
" this is what I say that looking for all the Western terrorist acts committed in Holland , " he added .
in Spain " suspected of some Moroccan detainees , it is not directly involved or indirectly , in preparation for the Sept . 16 events , " said Buboub , referring to the attacks that led on May 16 2003 , in reference to the attacks that resulted on May 16 , 2003 ,
" Moroccan terrorists also set up relations with Egyptian foreign networks , or " " " and that it is in reality about the al-Qaeda network , " he stressed .
Rabat was rejected by " strongly " on November 10 , November 10 , the European Commissioner of the European domestic market , Frlatette Bokkinin , who asked Moroccan King Mohamed VI to condemn the Islamic resistance and emphasize that his country
the minister of Foreign Affairs , Tayeb Al-Fadi , announced that these statements considered " unacceptable verdicts on the alleged responsibility of Morocco " in assassinating the Dutch filmmaker .
the Iraqi Education Ministry returns 10,000 teachers , with some of them from former Baath Party members ,
Baghdad 19-12 ( AFP ) - A official in the Supreme National Authority for Judiciary , confirmed on Sunday that the Ministry of Education has recently recovered 10,000 teachers to their jobs " a few of them , " " a little of them , of the former Baath Party elements in Iraq , "
" the Ministry of Education has decided to repatriate 10,000 teachers , most of them who are the politicians of the former regime under the previous regime , " said the chief of the authority of the Authority of directors , Sami
" some of them who included the decisions of the Baath regime , " he added , without specifying a number of .
thus , it is up to 15,000 teachers , who returned to their positions , the number of political and political workers who returned to their positions .
former Iraqi Education Minister Alaa Abdel-Hamid , who was announced in April , announced that the return of 4,44 , was the return of 4,44 .
the minister said the ministry is studying studying files about six thousand teachers who were deported due to the presence of the two who had been the right of the black , who had been entitled to resume them to the Supreme National Authority for eliminating the Baath
for his part , Minister of Education Sami Al-Mufad told reporters on Saturday that " that they were all going back to all those who applied to the Ministry of Ministers during the deadline , which was defined by the former transitional Governing Council , which has taken
thousands of former Baathists returned in June to their jobs in general utilities after the new government , after June 30 , which has adopted a more flexible policy in this controversial dossier , which has led to the strict action , which led to the strict action , which led to the reduction of 30,000 former people from the
former American civil administrator Paul Bremer signed on May 16 that the " Disstenation of the Baathists from the Iraqi society " , which ruled out the administration of former members of the first four categories of the party , was a member of the party , a member of a branch , a member of a branch of a branch , a member of a branch of a
Islamic Group ( GIA ) official in Morocco on links with Theo Van Gokh ( Newspapers )
Madrid 19 / ( AFP ) - Spanish newspapers said Sunday that Spanish police were considered a Moroccan man , who was arrested on Friday in the Canary Islands , the current commander of the group in Europe , the Islamic group of the Islamic group in Morocco
the press explained that the Swiss was to have links with the killing of the Dutch film filmmaker Theo Van Goh on November 2 in Amsterdam .
the Dutch police " informed Spanish police of their failure in fact that the sky is a matter or plans to attack , " the conservative newspaper said .
the two , a 41-year-old Moroccan , was arrested Friday in Lanzart islands with three other members of the Islamic group of fighters in Morocco .
the arrest warrant was issued in Madrid , which has been issued by the March 11 attacks in Madrid , which killed 191 people and 1,900 injured .
the other three are on the basis of the 31-year-old , and the suspicious , a suspicious suspect , in front of the 34th , Ibrahim Atiamhi Al-Hamamhi , 40 , and Ibrahim Atiamhi ( 40 years old ) .
Spanish police said that those arrested were being taken to Madrid , seeking to establish an logistic base of the Islamic group for fighters in Morocco , where they feel more safety after other members of the group were arrested in France and Belgium .
the four will appear before the court on Monday .
according to Spanish investigators , the Croatian investigators were often doing visits to Germany , Blgik and Holland .
he was arrested as saying , " The police , " said the reports of information on French police , which indicated that a " very serious danger " was in the Canary Islands .
the Islamic group of the fighters in Morocco , the Islamic group , has established two veterans in Afghanistan , a part of the Al-Qaeda organization , and claimed responsibility for the attacks on May 16 , 2003 in Casablanca , west Morocco .
" we " confirm mobile phone officials responsible for the release of two officials from security .
Baghdad 19-12 ( AFP ) - A official with the " IraIraIrayah " Company , a official with the mobile phone company , confirmed on Sunday that the American forces had released a official of the security services and his deputy , who was the two ,
" the American forces arrested Mohsen Sukkkari and Walid Badawi , based on a false news of a man who is charged with the resistance forces , " said the company 's sales manager , Al-Nahdi ,
" we are here that this is not true , that the American forces , which stopped the pillars of contact in Fallujah and Ramadi , for example , " he said .
they were released on Saturday , " he said .
the mobile phone network is witnessing a day , a few hours .
Hanafi denied that the cause of the burden caused by selling more than the power capacity is a few lines of the network .
" the network absorbed 800,000 lines and did not exceed 500,000 lines .
we have not yet yet yet set up the cause of the long reason , and we will be able to solve the problem , " he said .
in response to a question about press information , the US forces accused the American forces of being " not aware of the dispatch . "
for his part , Egyptian Charge d 'Affaires Farouk Al-Manrik told Agence Al-Youm that Egyptian President , Mohsen Al-Sukki , was the head of the security service in Irana , and his deputy , Walid Badawi ,
the Egyptian company of the Egyptian company has owned the majority of " Iraqqan " company .
a source from the parent company announced on Sunday that the Egyptian free company had announced the release of Egyptian nationals on Monday after they were captured by the US forces .
eight of the staff of the Yomaum Company , including six Egyptians and two , were kidnapped in Iraq in September last year , then released in a month .
the six Egyptians , who were kidnapped to their country , returned home .
Israel WON 'T NOT PARTICIPATE IN MIDDLE EAST CONFERENCE IN LONDON
Jerusalem 19-12 ( AFP ) - A senior official of the Israeli government said Sunday that Israel has no plan to participate in a conference on the Middle East , which would be held in London early next year but a meeting of " which aims at helping
" we support this meeting if it is aimed at helping the Palestinian Authority in economic front and its approach to carrying out reforms , " said the official .
but he added that Israel " will not participate in it so that it is very clear that it is not an international conference . "
the statements of Israel , which Israel took over last week , and the Israeli official announced that the Hebrew State had received a invitation in a letter directed to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and accepted it .
reports said that London obtained the US approval of hosting a conference on the Middle East level at the end of January or February , but the British government rejected the confirmation of this .
Dov Weisglass , one of Sharon 's most prominent advisers , announced that the conference " is very important . "
" the meeting , which is supposed to be held in February next in London , is a initiative from British Prime Minister Tony Blair , " he said at a security conference in Herzliya near Tel Aviv Thursday .
" Palestinian and European officials , and American and American officials will participate in the meeting , " he said .
he added that the conference would cover " ways of helping Palestinians while launching a new stage , " after the death of Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat in November last year .
Blair is scheduled to visit Israel on Tuesday and Wednesday , as his first visit to a foreign government speaker since the outbreak of the Intifada was the end of September 2000 .
an Palestinian agreement on holding elections in 1996 , according to arrangements conducted in 1996 1996
Gaza 19-12 ( AFP ) - Palestinian Minister of Negotiations , Saeb Erekat , said Sunday that the Israeli and Palestinian sides agreed to hold the Palestinian presidential elections according to the previous poll arrangements in 1996 .
Erekat told Agence France Presse at the conclusion of a Israeli meeting on organizing Palestinian elections that the two sides discussed " implementation of the arrangements of the elections that agreed in 1996 on the participation of the people of the Palestinian people in the West Bank , Jerusalem and Gaza Strip . "
he added that " the elections were agreed in Jerusalem , according to the arrangements of 1996 , and that there is five polling stations " in mail offices .
during the meeting , the two sides agreed at the meeting on " holding a expanded meeting this week including security and professional men , and experts in the field of elections to put this arrangements to ensure free and fair elections with freedom of full movement . "
the meeting was attended by Palestinian side , Saeb Erekat and the secretary-general of the Palestinian Prime Minister , Hassan Abu Libdeh .
as of the Israeli side , Dov Weisglass and Shalom were from the office of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's office .
Erekat said that the Palestinian side " insisted on the return of matters to the end of September 2000 ( September 2000 ) , and the Palestinian Intifada , and the freedom of movement , and the freedom of the elections , and freedom of elections , which will start on January 25 in the occupied territories ,
Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz announced last week that the army " will withdraw 72 hours from Palestinian cities before and after the elections . "
Chinese President , SAKERING HAKERE , NO NO TO Hong Kong
Macao 12-12 ( AFP ) -- Chinese President Hu Jintao , Chinese President Hu Jintao , made his criticisms Monday , Monday , to Hong Kong 's leaders after a political and financial failure in the former British colony .
the Chinese president was honored to mark the 5th anniversary of the return of the former Portuguese colony of Macao to China to ask the Chairman of the executive authority in Hong Kong Tung Ch-hwa and his government to improve the administration of the public affairs
" we hope Hong Kong officials will put Hong Kong interests and interests of the nation in the long term , first of its priorities , " he said .
you must be more unity and more cooperation and that they will be more , " he said .
" officials should make more attention to the destiny of Hong Kong 's Hong Kong , encourage economic development and improving the government 's government , " he said .
" officials show that they will also be able to work on the management of public affairs , and they should study the last seven years to establish what it did not properly , " said the Chinese president , referring to the return of Hong Kong to China in 1997 .
the Chinese president 's criticism , while the Hong Kong government was forced Monday to give a major program to privatize government housing housing in the stock market , which will be the largest operation in the world .
a woman in the 60th of the houses has resorted to the judiciary , accusing the government of misleading the public interest , which led to the process of the process and the management of Tung 's administration , which is protected by Beijing , but he faces
hundreds of thousands of protesters staged a second year for the second year , a day marking Hong Kong 's return to China on July 1 , demanding the election of the next president of the local government and deputies of public suffrage .
French aircraft will take off Tuesday night to transfer the hostages to France ( Defense Ministry )
Paris 12-12 ( AFP ) - The French Defense Ministry announced that a French military plane , " late , " announced that a French military plane will take " late time " on Wednesday night , " what seems to be that Wednesday , " "
" the plane will probably be 900 , 900 , which expands 14 passengers , which will be a end to 14 passengers and will be late late Tuesday , probably on Wednesday , probably on Wednesday , " the source told Agence France Presse .
sources said that besides Foreign Minister Michel Barnier , the French government , who is the cost of the government , was to go to the two hostages , a number of journalists who might be in the plane of the plane .
" it is possible that the two hostages will return to France on Wednesday afternoon , where the plane will be launched in the base , " the Defense Ministry explained .
French President Jacques Chirac expressed his " pleasure " on Tuesday following the release of journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot in Iraq before his return to Paris in the evening evening , the French presidency announced .
the presidency announced that the French journalists were still in Baghdad on Tuesday evening , saying Chirac had talked with his families .
Chirac " will talk tomorrow morning ( Wednesday ) that the plane carrying Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot , " said the presidency .
the French Foreign Ministry confirmed that the release of journalists after the satellite channel was announced , quoting a statement of the " Islamic Army " a " Islamic Army " statement , was quoted as saying that the " Islamic Army "
French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin told Agence France Presse that he asked Foreign Minister Michel Barnier to leave " night night " to bring journalists out of Iraq and that they will be likely to arrive in Paris tomorrow .
the French Embassy in Baghdad is keeping silence on the fate of journalists .
the second step from the Gulf railway network begins soon soon .
Kuwait 12-12 ( AFP ) - The General Coordinator of the Development Project , a few countries , announced that the second step of the project would soon start after the leaders of the Council of Council agreed that the second step
" the following step is preparing technical studies for the project after the Gulf leaders , " said Khouma , Undersecretary of the Kuwaiti Ministry of Communications .
he stressed that a meeting of Khirjia will be held in January next " to define terms of reference for the definition of the CPPCC , and a timetable for a time , " without specifying the venue of the meeting .
he explained that the Gulf leaders agreed to the second option which includes Saudi Arabia through a second bridge , which Saudi Arabia or via King Fahd II , after some of them .
the first project and a gesture of 4.5 billion dollars , which is not included in Bahrain , includes a length of 20 kilometers .
the project , which is estimated to reach 7.5 billion dollars , will start that the pipeline will start from the Kuwaiti borders in the northern Asian , and extends 2,000 kilometers and runs parallel along the coastline of the coastline via Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Qatar ,
in accordance with initial estimates , the preparations for the project will take two years , while implementation will require four years , he said .
the draft also stipulates that the Gulf Cooperation Council states would be linked through Kuwait , Iran , Iran and other countries , and Kuwaiti Minister of Communications , Sheikh Ahmad Abdullah al-Sabah will discuss this issue during his visit to Tehran next month .
Khahan said that the line will arrive in Iran via Basra .
the Kuwaiti company is preparing for launching a network in Kuwait and then it will be linked to the GCC countries , he said , pointing out that the private sector would play an important role in implementing this vital project .
the GCC member states are currently at some 2.4 million square kilometers , mostly in Saudi territory .
the international Federation stops KORKION KORKION
Paris 12-12 ( AFP ) - The International Federation of Athletics Sciences announced Wednesday that it was suspended by the international Federation of Athletics Sciences , Costas Katitiris and a temporary colleague due to the rules of anti-doping rules .
after studying the first day of Monday , the International Federation , which was presented by the two countries , considered the dossier and the written spirit of the " unacceptable " and decided to " stop the athletes and their two partners " until the settlement of the case .
" the rules of the Union are to hold the disciplinary committee in the Greek Federation of the Greek Federation , a hearing where all concerned are taking place , " said a statement by the Federation of the Federation .
as for the Olympic Games , the 31-year-old and two years , he was absent , was discharged from the test of the Athens Games on August 12 on the eve of the Olympic Games , which was held in Athens , and called them with a traffic accident on a motorcycle .
the two countries face the moratorium in a two-year moratorium for two years , which they deliberately renounce to doping detection , which was first on July 27-28 , and the second on August 11 , and last in the third ten days in the Olympic Village of Athens , and the third on August 11
as for the Sydney Olympic Games , as a champion of the Sydney Olympic Games , the Sydney Olympic Games won a hundred meters , announced that they will not be in the Olympic Games after days of this incident , while the IOC decided to refer their attention to the international Federation of the powerful athletics , while the IOC decided to refer their attention to the international
the Greek Prosecutor-General , who charged the investigation file , ordered them to be charged with false and false certificates to examine the detection of the doping .
Muqtada SHEIKH , Israel , America and Britain , behind the blast behind the Iraqi holy and Karbala .
Baghdad 24-12 ( AFP ) - radical Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr accused Israel of being accused of carrying out bloody attacks targeting Najaf and Karbala last Sunday , which killed 66 people and some 200 wounded .
" what happened in Najaf , holy Karbala and in some mosques in Baghdad , it is a reaction of the armies of darkness , especially the two axes , Israel , America and Britain , " Sadr said in a statement obtained by Agence France Presse .
he explained that " those terrorist countries want to ignite sedition and to remove itself , which is involved in the Iraqi people , which it has been involved in the democratic process . "
al-Sadr denied that " the effectiveness of the Muslims is absolutely a Muslim of Muslims , but is the work of the harmony with the Muslims , and to the Iraqis . "
meanwhile , Sadr stressed his readiness to protect Shiite mosques and the intention to protect them . " I have shown our readiness to protect the public and its people , and we are , and we are not able to protect the public and its people , and we are not able to protect Iraq , " he said . " I have
" right is true , the self-right is required , but this is the matter , if the effective effectiveness is the occupiers , or if the effective is the occupiers , and the aim of restraint , " he said .
the Shiite leader called on the Shiite people of Najaf and Karbala , as well as the capital of Baghdad , and the capital of Baghdad , in which it is in Baghdad , who is in charge of their questioning and called " to form delegations to their families and their positions , " and that it is ready
Fourteen people were killed and 57 injured when a suicide bomber blew up his car in central Karbala .
at least 52 people were killed and 142 injured in a car bomb explosion on the same day in Najaf , 70 km away from Karbala .
Al-Meibari , in a meeting of Iraq 's neighbors and elections , and elections
Amman 27-12 ( AFP ) - Jordanian Foreign Minister Hani al-Alma discussed with his Iraqi counterpart , Hoshyar Zebari on Monday in Amman at a meeting of Iraq 's neighbors , which will be held in Amman next month and next month and next elections
" the Iraq 's neighbors will form a clear message to countries surrounding Iraq and the Iraqi people on the importance of the stage that Iraq is passing , " said the Jordanian News Agency .
he added that the meeting , held at the Queen Alia Airport , and its insistence on about half of the " Arab countries ' " meeting , and the support of the Iraqi side , and the support of the electoral process to return Iraq
Zibari said that " the importance of a meeting of Iraq 's neighbors stems from its own cooperation , and that Iraq is on the doors of important and open elections , " stressing that the meeting with the " importance of the role of the neighboring countries in the success of the elections
a official source announced on Sunday that Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi would boycott the meeting of Iraq 's neighbors in Amman due to accusations of Jordanian King Abdullah II to Tehran to intervene in Iraq .
Jordan has not received any official response from Iran on its participation in a meeting of foreign ministers of Iraq , Jordanian Foreign Minister Hani al-Mala said Monday .
Jordan 's King Abdullah II , in an interview published by Washington Post on December 8 , was accused of interfering in Iraq 's affairs with a view to influencing the result of the elections .
the two countries also warned on Wednesday that " Iraq 's " " " Iraq is in danger , stressing that Iran has evidence that Iran is working on forming " Shiite Hilal " which includes Syria , Lebanon and Iraq .
a Jordanian driver was detained by US forces in Iraq
Amman 28 ( AFP ) - The local press reported on Tuesday that the American forces in Iraq released a Jordanian driver that after arresting 60 days , the brother of his brother was killed in a shooting of a military roadblock due to failure to not
the press said that the driver of Iyad Mahmoud Ramadan , 19 , arrived on Monday in the northern city of Al-Jaqa after the American forces released .
Ramadan told press that he was the " one of the ( 27 years ) , " heading from Baghdad to Jordan on the highway , when it was a result of the passing of the two men , who were not waiting for the American soldiers to shoot fire on the truck , killing
he added that the American forces had released a group of Iraqi prisoners , pointing out that he had contacted the Jordanian Embassy in Baghdad , which was transferred to Jordan .
" I have achieved me three times and charged with the accusations , and the charges were , " he said , adding that " soldiers were able to make us a bad way and try to influence us . "
the newspapers said on Monday that the American forces released another Jordanian driver , Ayman Mohamed Farah , 33 , was arrested in Iraq for four months while transporting goods to a Iraqi merchant to investigate him on resistance and access to the country .
the American forces are being holding four other truck drivers after they released the fifth of the five , he said .
" the efforts of an list of coordination in coordination with Charge d 'Affaires in Iraq in Iraq are to release them , " said Jordanian government spokeswoman Asma Khidr .
Qureia URGES PALESTINIANS TO CONPARE ELECTIONS ELECTIONS
Ramallah ( West Bank ) , 28 , ( AFP ) , urged Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei on Tuesday to participate in the elections of the next power elections on January 9th to choose a successor to late President Yasser Arafat 's successor .
" we call for the government of all people to participate in this important elections , which comes within the framework of activating our institutions and try to complete the vacuum that left the absence of Arafat , " Qurei told reporters at the conclusion of a meeting with the Central Elections Commission
" we hope that elections will pass calmly and choose our people from the authority , " he said , while stressing that legislative elections will be held in mid next year .
chairman of the Election Committee Hanna Nasser said he discussed with the prime minister in " details of the understandings reached with Israel regarding the electoral campaign in East Jerusalem . "
" there is no reason for this agreement , " said Nasser , without elaborating .
in this regard , officials of the Fatah movement , Mahmoud Abbas , said that the campaign will take place today , in the rest of the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
the statement pointed out that Abu Mazen 's campaign will transfer on Tuesday to Jericho , then and then Tulkarem and Qalqilya ( northwest ) on Wednesday , and Jenin ( North ) , on Wednesday .
Fatah candidate , the favorite favorite , will move to Gaza on Friday before returning to the West Bank and ending his campaign in east Jerusalem .
" we do not want to do not to activate movement of Fatah movement , but it is moving to the broad national framework , " said Ahmed Abdel Rahman , information director of Abu Mazen 's campaign .
Mahmoud Abbas : wall and settlements Will NOT ISRAEL
Tulkarm ( West Bank ) , 29 , ( AFP ) , said Wednesday , the Israeli separation wall , the Jewish settlements , in the West Bank , will not provide security to Israel .
" we say our neighbors ( Israelis ) are important , as the number of settlements , two settlements and barriers , they will not provide security or peace , " Abbas , who was talking to a popular rally in the Palestinian presidential elections in Tulkarm
the rally was held at a soccer stadium after 500 kilometers from the separation wall , which is built by the Hebrew State in this area .
the International Court of Justice in The Hague was in July last to the fact that the barrier , built by Israel in the West Bank , was illegal and called for stopping building and removing it .
Israel calls on the barrier as a " security fence " in what the Palestinians describes as a " wall of separation separation " which includes a large section of the West Bank territory to Israel .
in his speech , Abbas stressed his political platform , including a just settlement of the issue of the Palestinian refugees , the release of prisoners in Israeli jails and the establishment of the independent Palestinian state with Jerusalem capital .
Abbas had visited Tulkarm camp where he met with a number of martyrs and militants in the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades affiliated to Fatah movement , which represented a rally in the elections .
Abbas , 69 , was a warm welcome in the camp where a campaign was launched on the shelves .
Abbas is considered the favorite candidate in the presidential elections slated on January 9th to succeed Yasser Arafat on the head of the Palestinian Authority in face of six competitors .
seven suspected activists in northern Riyadh ( AFP ) killed seven suspected militants
Riyadh 12-29 ( AFP ) - Saudi security forces killed seven of them on Thursday night , killing seven suspected suspected militants in Riyadh , the police said , quoting the police of police at the scene .
the seven people were wanted in two districts of the capital of the capital , and the cooperation and cooperation .
he resorted to a villa in the second district and then the security forces , and all of them , were all , the source said .
the Arab Arab satellite has killed seven suspected suspects suspected of involvement in car bombings in Riyadh , targeting the Interior Ministry and the security forces .
a policeman at the scene told Agence France Presse that four security men were seriously injured in a clash when they were stoned .
the security men blocked the main entrance of the area of cooperation , and he saw ambulances from the area , a AFP correspondent said .
Riyadh shook two car bombs on Wednesday evening .
the first car tried to storm the main entrance of the Interior Ministry in downtown Riyadh and then exploded .
a second car exploded shortly after the entrance of the camp of the Special Security Forces , which was trying to be tried .
Saudi security forces are pursuing the Islamic extremists responsible for a group of attacks targeting a section of the interests of the interests of the interests or foreign nationals .
the attacks resulted in more than 100 deaths since May 2000 .
within the framework of these raids , security forces have arrested hundreds of activists suspected of Al-Qaeda organization .
Yemeni ARABIA belongs to Al Qaeda among seven dead
Riyadh 12-12 ( AFP ) - Saudi Arabia , a Saudi security source , announced on Thursday that a Yemeni official was a close of Al-Qaeda 's al-Qaeda organization , Osama Bin Laden and al-Qaeda leader in Saudi Arabia , who were killed in the seven people who killed on Wednesday evening in a clash with security forces in Riyadh .
" Ibrahim Ahmad Abdel-Majeed , a Yemeni citizen , is also involved in the seven suicide activists who killed on Wednesday evening , " the source said .
Al-Rimi , who is not anonymous on the Saudi list of the Saudi kingdom , is believed to be a important figure in Al Qaeda , and believes that it is linked to the link between Al-Qaeda in Saudi Arabia and Bin Laden ,
the source added that yesterday 's operation " was a big success of Saudi forces , " adding that " I believe that the current leader is the current leader of Al-Qaeda in Saudi Arabia after Khalid ( Bin Ali Bin Ali ) was killed in a clash in Riyadh last March .
the third Haj was on the list of the list of 26 Islamists suspected of involvement in car car bombings that resulted in 52 lives in Riyadh in May and November 2003 .
although al-Qaeda is trying to show that officials in Saudi Arabia are Saudis , the Yemenis , who are in Saudi Arabia , are Saudi Arabia , " so far , " the source said .
the source added that Saudi authorities did not know the presence of the Saudi Rimi in the kingdom , which has sneaked from a neighboring Gulf country .
a clash occurred Wednesday evening after two car bombs near two major security compounds in Riyadh , killing seven terrorists .
Saudi security forces are conducting the Islamic fundamentalists responsible for a group of attacks targeting a section of the interests of the interests of the interests of the interests or foreign nationals .
the attacks resulted in more than 100 deaths since May 2003 .
within the framework of these raids , security forces have arrested hundreds of activists suspected of Al-Qaeda organization .
another two documents before the comprehensive peace agreement in southern Sudan
Naivasha ( Kenya ) , 31-12 ( AFP ) , signed the Khartoum government and the southern rebels on Friday , in Kenya , another two documents before formal signing of the official signing of a comprehensive peace agreement , which would put an end to a end to a war on
the last two protocols signed officials in the Sudanese government and in the People 's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) in Naivasha , 80 km northwest of Nairobi , capital of Kenya , in Naivasha , capital of Kenya .
Sudanese Presidents Omar Al-Bashir and South African President Thabo Mbeki attended the signing ceremony .
the first protocol signed by the SPLA , the SPLA 's chief , John Garang , was signed by the SPLA , and Mohamed Hassan Al-Fulde , the Sudanese government , and the General Mohamed Hassan Aliddo of the Sudanese government .
the second protocol signed by the Liberation Movement for the Liberation of Justice , spokesman Samson Kwaje , signed the second protocol , which is signed by the spokesman of the rebel movement , Sayyed Al Kwaje .
the SPLA leader John Garang and Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Taha agreed on Thursday to last the other points of the remaining points .
the points of the other issues , which were stalled in Kenya , are concerned that the peace negotiations that started in Kenya started in early 2002 .
some 1.5 million people have been killed and four million displaced in case that the conflict between the Muslim north and the southern part of the Christian majority , which was considered the Khartoum regime , was killed .
under heavy international pressure , especially in the United States , Khartoum and the southern rebel movement of the South African region , in a meeting held in Nairobi , has reached a final peace agreement " on Dec. 31 , 2004 , beyond the value of a final peace agreement . "
more than 50,000 demonstrators in Addis Ababa against Meles 's plan to peace with Eritrea to Eritrea with Eritrea
Addis Ababa 2-1 ( AFP ) - over 50,000 people demonstrated on Sunday in Addis Ababa in protest on the peace plan proposed by Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi to settle border disputes with Eritrea , an reporter told Agence France Presse .
the demonstration organized by opposition parties organized by Meles Zenawi , who is accused of being in the country 's territory .
according to the police , the demonstration , which comes ahead of the landmark general elections in May next May , included between 50,000 and 60,000 demonstrators while organizers estimated some 100,000 .
Ethiopia and Eritrea fought a war on the border from 1998 to 2000 .
after a peace agreement signed in Algeria , a independent border committee has defined the new border between the two countries , the new border of the two countries .
however , Ethiopia rejected the decision , and stopped all demarcation operations .
at the end of November , the Ethiopian prime minister proposed a peace plan , which agreed on the demarcation of the demarcation and the demarcation of the demarcation , as well as some " modifications . "
the effect of the effect was accused of being the " right for winning the time and asked the start of the demarcation of the land operations on the ground . "
" we call on the public opinion to exert pressure on the government until its peace initiative , which runs counter to the interests of the people of the people and the nation , " Benen Bettos , deputy chairman of the
" there is no reason for accepting this new initiative , which is going on to do not make the progress , " he said .
we do not have any reason to give a inch of our land of our land to Eritrea . "
another opposition official , Grobro Tattati , said , " I ask the Ethiopian people to vote against the prime minister and demand a new government that puts a new peace initiative . "
Eritrea was the province of Ethiopia before it gets independence in 1993 .
Islamic ISLAMIC candidate : Palestinian leadership failed to defend the issue of Palestine
Ramallah ( West Bank ) , ( AFP ) , accused the Palestinian leadership of " a " just " presidential post , in the Palestinian leadership , as " failed " to defend the Palestinian cause " just " over the past years .
" there was a kind of failure in presenting our demands , " said the independent Islamic Imam , who is " a lawyer for the disappearance of a issue , and lawyer in this years , " adding that " we were a lawyer to the
Barakeh unveiled a meeting with the spiritual father of Hamas , Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , before he was assassinated 10 days ago , stressing that Sheikh Yassin had agreed to participate in the political life of Hamas and the administration of the Palestinian society .
" the secretariat and the truth , Sheikh Yassin was completely convinced of the political participation in the Palestinian society , " he said .
Israeli helicopters fired on March 24 , three missiles on Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , who was returning from the mosque after dawn prayers , killing seven others , with another seven others .
a pond was a general in the Palestinian Youth and Sports Ministry , and was a general of the Islamic Jihad movement , but he stressed that his relationship with this movement was severed in mid 1991 .
he said he went after the death of President Yasser Arafat 's death , calling on the Islamic Jihad and Islamic Jihad to put a note to the importance of participation in the upcoming presidential elections .
" it was a answer to two memoranda , that Hamas and Islamic Jihad have declared that they will not be absent , not to vote , and not support anyone , " he said .
it decided to give itself the same time , to give himself the same presidential elections , pointing out that he had achieved success in the elections before he was described by " relative support for him . "
he expected that it would be a role in the future on the Islamic movement in the Palestinian territories , and it is not clear in winning the elections .
Iraq 's neighbors ' meeting in Amman
Amman 3-1 ( AFP ) , Foreign Ministry spokesman , Ragab Al-Salrairi , said that all neighboring countries would participate in the meeting , which will be held in Amman next Thursday at the level of foreign ministers , excluding Iran , which will take part with a delegation of
" Jordan 's desire and to stay in the last period for ensuring the participation of all neighboring countries in the conference to make a unified attitude of these countries , including the security of Iraq , stability and territorial integrity , which constitutes the interests of neighboring countries , "
Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk Al-Shara will head his country to the meeting , which will be devoted to discussing the Iraqi issue and upcoming elections at the end of January , he said .
the six neighboring countries will participate in the conference , addition to Egypt , Bahrain and the representative of UN Secretary-General in Iraq Ashraf Qazi , he said .
he explained that the meeting , which starts on Wednesday at top level level level level , will discuss the agenda of the meeting and the final statement .
it is noteworthy that the ministerial meeting will be held on Thursday for one day , and that the statement will be followed by Amman 's statement on the situation and elections in Iraq .
on the Iraqi elections , the Iraqi and Iraqi participation in Jordan in the elections , the Iraqi and Iraqi people , said that " the Jordanian position is clear about holding free and fair elections in Iraq , representing all the Iraqi people , and Jordan would provide all facilities that will be the Iraqi
the Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman said on Sunday that Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi , " We will not participate in Amman conference , " but Iran could participate a lower delegation .
" there is questions about how to succeed and effectively hold such a conference , " said Hamid Reza Asefi .
Iran has already announced that Kharazi would boycott the conference due to statements of Jordanian King Abdullah II , who accused Iran of interfering in Iraq 's affairs .
Oxfam : mistakes IN INTERNATIONAL AID
London 4 ( AFP ) - Oxfam International Food Organization ( MSF ) called on International Humanitarian Organization on Tuesday to not repeat the past mistakes of the past mistakes of the humanitarian aid , two days before the Jakarta Conference , which was held on Dec. 26 ,
" we must act to act that do not repeat the mistakes committed during previous humanitarian crises in Afghanistan , Liberia and other , when donors can not help help help enough speed , " said the Director of the Organization , Barbra Stocing , in a message to participating
" the rich countries must keep their own choice of people who are sympathetic to their religion , which will be a group of important measures that allow the reconstruction of a life of millions of people who destroyed this disaster , " she added .
Oxfam welcomed the promised international assistance of two billion dollars , but said that this is not the beginning of the reconstruction process in the region .
the organization recommended that the promises should be translated into reality , a memo that the UN has received promises at $ 32 million after the earthquake that hit Iranian city of Bam .
only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only .
the message pointed out that aid should be done in the form of loans , not to be linked to the interests of the donor state and that it would be provided to the interests of five years .
he also said that aid should be a new blessing that would not be forced to bring off funds for Darfur in Sudan and Congo .
in case of debts , the earthquake of the countries hit by the earthquake and marine , Oxfam asked to reconsider a quick view of debt , that a working team would be formed to consider the cancellation of the debts of these countries .
on trade , the Organization of the United States , Europe , and the Maldives asked the United States to open its markets to the coming fabric of Sri Lanka and the Maldives , which are dependent on exports to the exportation of clothes , as well as tourism .
about 475 MILLION DOLLARS VOLUME OF LOSSES IN PALESTINIAN LAND DURING INTIFADA
Ramallah ( West Bank ) , the Palestinian Authority , announced on Wednesday that the volume of damages to facilities , buildings and roads in the past four years hit 475 million and 650,000 dollars .
Minister of Negotiations Affairs Saeb Erekat presented a report on behalf of the government on Wednesday , after deputies asked to provide such information .
according to the report , the number of houses that had been destroyed in the last four years , which had been destroyed , reached ( 7,000 and 330 houses ) in a cost of a estimated estimated up to a estimated 191 million ( $ 191 million )
in addition to security facilities from offices and universities , the value of the damage hit 65 million dollars .
the damage , which was taken by means of which ( 130 million dollars ) , was the damage of the Palestinian territories , which is the " No of which is a group of roads in the West Bank and Gaza . "
in addition to damage to buildings , security and road installations , the report pointed out that the damage to the commercial shops , " in terms of building , and the means of the construction , and the
this is to be mentioned that the government needs 300 million dollars to prepare for " full budget budget " for 2005 .
the legislative council demands the government to offer its integration in a week , but the minister said that the government cannot provide budget " if its funding is not guaranteed . "
the budget law stipulates that the government 's budget would " be a couple two months before every year . "
" in the past three years , it has provided a budget , based on promises of supporting donor countries , not only , " said Faytidh .
" we must remind the world that we have a constitutional conviction ( providing budget ) and we are unable to achieve it not , but not to provide any sources , " said Faytidh .
sources at the Ministry of Finance confirmed the US intention to provide financial assistance " which may reach 200 million dollars " after the upcoming presidential elections .
however , sources , who refused to say , affirmed that " there is no official official . "
Prince Nayef Bin Abdel Aziz , affirming that the situation in Saudi Arabia " under control "
Tunisia 1 ( AFP ) - Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef Bin Abdul Aziz , who said on Thursday , said that the situation in Saudi Arabia was " dominating " after the December 29 attacks , during his meeting with Tunisian President Zine Al-Abidine Ben Ali in the Tunisian capital .
" what is a true process is that it is worrying , and its people , the people of homeland , but matters are still controlled , " Prince Nayef said in statements transmitted by the Tunisian news agency .
he added that he stressed that he stressed that he had not been able to take part in the Arab summit , which is the current Arab summit , and that " these matters did not affect the course of Saudi citizen and the people of the country , and the people of the country live a normal
the Al-Qaeda organization was confirmed in a statement that Prince Nayef was targeted in the bombing of the car car on Dec. 29 .
two car car bombings were executed on Wednesday , the Interior Ministry and the second two of the victims were injured , according to Saudi authorities .
Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs emphasized that " Saudi Arabia in the best situation , but there is no doubt that these things are seriously disturbed , and that the joint work is the common , international and international action , is the right thing now now . "
cooperation in the face of terrorism in the main Arab interior ministers meeting in Tunis ended on Wednesday .
Prince Nayef said that terrorism constitutes " the greatest threat of Arab security " and called for " confronting this criminal threat " in all its forms .
signing in Nairobi , the final peace agreement in southern Sudan
Nairobi 9-1 ( AFP ) - Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Taha , the People 's Liberation Army , and the SPLA leader , signed the southern insurgency on Sunday in Nairobi , the final peace agreement in southern Sudan , press press reported .
Taha and Garang signed the agreement with a number of African heads of state and government , a number of representatives of international community , including US Secretary of State Colin Powell .
the ceremony was organized by " Nyayo " one of the major Nairobi major , near the city .
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki and Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni were also signed by " witnesses " on this agreement , according to the official program .
Moses is the head of the Inter-Governmental Authority for Development ( IGAD ) , which includes seven countries organized by the mediation of the peace process .
Powell also signed the agreement with other witnesses , including Norwegian Minister of International Cooperation Hilda Johnson .
the agreement is put on a 21-year civil war that was the longest ever ever in Africa .
the war broke out in 1983 when the SPLA launched a rebellion , which was a majority of Christians and Christians , in the Arab north , where the majority of Christians and Christians , the Arab Arab north , were
the conflict has left at least 1.5 million people and displaced about four million people .
but this agreement does not mean that peace was left in Sudan , where another conflict erupted in February 2003 in Darfur , west of Darfur , which resulted in more than 70,000 lives and displaced about 1.6 million people .
but peace in the south constitutes an important momentum to progress between Khartoum and the rebel movements of Darfur and rebel movements .
Bulgaria 'S Socialist Party decides to withdraw its country from Iraq if winning elections in the elections won elections in the elections .
Sofia 9-1 ( AFP ) - Bulgarian Socialist Party ( PSOE ) , who is in Iraq , announced Sunday that he would withdraw the Bulgarian force in Iraq if his party wins the upcoming legislative elections .
" the Bulgarian Socialist Party will withdraw Bulgaria 's military contingent from Iraq immediately if it wins the legislative elections " scheduled for June next June , said Stanshev in a speech delivered before the general conference of his party
" we are convinced that the Bulgarian people will support this terrible adventure , which we have much much , " he said .
Bulgaria is currently currently engaged in a military contingent of 450 military personnel under Polish command .
seven Bulgarian soldiers have been killed so far .
Stanishev also called for the current government to " reconsider the form of support in Iraq and to withdraw the Bulgarian unity after the Iraqi elections in the 30th of this month . "
Defense Minister Nikolai Svinarov announced in an interview with Agence France in December that the government and parliament " will adopt a political decision in January next " on Bulgarian military integration in Iraq .
he touched on " three possibilities : retaining the number of soldiers themselves in Iraq or reducing this number or withdrawal , " ruling any increase of the number of troops of Bulgaria 's troops .
in another poll conducted by Gallup Institution last December , 28 percent of Bulgarians said they would vote in favor of the Socialist Party while 22 percent will vote in favor of the ruling center-right Party " National Movement " ( National Party ) , and 8 percent of the party 's ruling party , and 8 percent of the center-right Party , " the Free Democratic Union , " and nine percent of the four seats of the center-right Party ( the Democratic Party of the
he is wanted to be sworn to an electoral coalition to prevent the left of the Left from returning to the rule .
Stanishev said his party is seeking to gain an absolute majority in the parliament .
Jordanian King Wefing Abbas , Arafat , to assume his reelection as head of the Palestinian Authority
Amman 10-1 ( AFP ) - Jordan 's King Abdullah II on Monday congratulated the President of the elected Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , who won his victory in Sunday 's elections , calling for working on " confrontation challenges of the stage . "
" we express your warm condolences to our warm and deep heart , the deep dream of the trust that I are the brotherly Palestinian people , who came to the history of your brothers , and the hard aspirations of the people of the Palestinian people , who came to the history of your brothers , and the brave
Jordan 's King of Jordan " the brotherly Palestinian people and struggle over half a century for a century for their human rights and national rights , " and the " one of the " one century , " and he would be " drawing a new way in its history , and we will pave the
he emphasized that the elections would contribute to " mobilizing all capacities and potential to move forward in building the building of the Palestinian institutions and commitment to the choice of peace , which leads to establishing the independent Palestinian state . "
" we have to continue to continue to cooperate , coordinate , and put all our support to support , and support your support , and to support , and to achieve a just , comprehensive and lasting peace , and to achieve the national aspirations of your people , " Abdullah
a statement issued by the Royal Court said that the Jordanian monarch informed Abbas of " his warm congratulations that the Palestinian people had received the confidence of the Palestinian people and the Palestinian Authority , " in a telephone conversation between the two leaders .
Jordan 's news agency Petra reported that Jordanian Foreign Minister Hani al-Almman was heading today to Ramallah to congratulate Mahmoud Abbas , his vote as President of the Palestinian Authority .
Islamic Army in Iraq , SILING SILE ,
Dubai 10-1 ( AFP ) - The Islamic Army ( AFP ) announced responsibility for the explosion that claimed Sunday the killing of eight Ukrainian military and one soldier , Kazakhstani in Iraq , and the Polish army declared that an accidental explosion was a accidental explosion .
" the Islamic Army in Iraq announces responsibility for the killing of Ukrainian soldiers and their people were in the attack , which were carried out by their fighters in the southern region of Suayah , " said a statement released on the website of the
the authenticity of the statement was not available .
in return , the Polish unit , which took control of the blast , confirmed that only one of the killed was killed , seven Ukrainian soldiers , one of Kazakhstanstanstanstani , and four Ukrainian soldiers and four other helicopters were injured during
Ukrainian Defense Ministry announced today that one Ukrainian of the Ukrainian injured died of his wounds , raising the death toll from Ukrainian soldiers to eight .
following the incident , Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma , the outgoing Ukrainian president , was ordered to put up a plan to pull out Ukrainian troops from Iraq in the first half of 2005 .
Kuchma , the defense and foreign ministers , charged " starting without delay in putting down a plan to withdraw Ukraine 's unity from Iraq in the first half of this year , " the Interfax news agency quoted Defense Minister Alexander Kozuk as saying .
the Islamic Army in Iraq has been behind many incidents of kidnapping and robbed some foreigners , including Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni who was killed in August 2004 .
the organization also claimed responsibility for kidnapping French journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot , who were released in December last year after they held four months .
Abbas leads constitutional right tomorrow
Gaza 11-1 ( AFP ) - A member of the Palestinian Legislative Council , Mahmoud Abbas , said that Mahmoud Abbas Abu Mazen , the Palestinian Authority , said that Mahmoud Abbas Abu Mazen , the elected Palestinian Authority , will lead to the constitutional handover in a special session held by Legislative Council on Wednesday in
" Abu Mazen will lead to the constitutional right in a special session held by the Legislative Council at 11 : 00 a.m. Wednesday before the president of the National Council ( Salim Al-Zaanoun ) , and the president of the Supreme Court , " said Abdel-Karim Abu Salah , a member of
after the constitutional right " will be handed over , Abu Mazen will hand over the presidency of the Palestinian Authority from Transitional interim President Rawhi Sharhi , who will return to his original post , he said .
the constitutional deadline ends on Tuesday , Rawhi Fattuh , in accordance with Abu Salah .
Fattouh was the head of the Palestinian Authority after President Yasser Arafat 's death , following the death of the Palestinian Basic Law .
he pointed out that Abu Mazen would address a speech on the broad lines of his work in the coming four years , " mostly , which will include the letter of renewing confidence of the prime minister ( Ahmed Qurei ) to form the government . "
he said that the government 's president could offer his government to the Legislative Council to select confidence after one day , if it is completed or in a period of three weeks , which will be added , in accordance with the Basic Law ,
Nabil Abu Rudeineh , a spokesman for the Palestinian Authority , told Agence France Presse that Abu Mazen would give a keynote speech before the Legislative Council in the special session .
European Commission opens a debate on European Policy
Strasbourg 11-1 ( AFP ) -- The European Commission on Tuesday launched a consultative process on the possibility of putting a new policy for economic migration to the EU with an view to covering the shortage of the working hand with the European community .
the consultations will be made through " green book " which will put it to all member states , social partners and non-governmental organizations , and its own , and it will be decided before April 15 , so that the Commission will propose a plan
the EC confirmed that among 2010 , and 2030 , the number of the current labor , in which the number of workers in the 25 countries will lead to a decline in the number of workers , in the 25 million workers .
" the percentage of migration may become necessary and more necessary to meet the needs of the European market , " she added .
but the Commission stressed that these measures would never set up the number of workers who would allow them to enter every country , as it is the authority of national administrations according to the draft constitution .
but the EC pointed out that the decision to allow access to entering a country from the Union affects the other union countries due to freedom of movement inside " Shingen " area , due to the right of use of services in other countries .
the EC also proposed a set of unified standards to allow migration , with the highest possible coordination of the common standards of consensus with the will of the member states .
the European Commissioner , Justice , Freedom and Security , Franco Frattini , " said , " the EU , European Parliament , and the European Parliament , and the other parties , are different opinions on this issue . "
while Italy and Spain support the idea of opening the door before a greater immigration , Germany , which suffers from high unemployment , is opposed to a high immigration .
the European Commission has submitted a memorandum of understanding to unify the conditions of entering and living in the EU of this kind of illegal immigrants , but did not succeed .
a Sunni PARTY PARTY FROM ELECTIONS DUE to the arrest of Amina General Amina
Baghdad 12-1 ( AFP ) - The National Front of Iraq , which led by Sheikh Hassan Zeidan , announced that it had decided to withdraw from the scheduled general elections on January 30 because of the American forces arrest their secretary-general late last month because of the American forces arrest their secretary-general
" the decision of withdrawal came due to arrest of the Secretary-General of the Front , Sheikh Hassan Zeidan , on 31st January , before the American forces , " said Abdel-Al-Masmal , deputy secretary of the General Secretary of the General House at a press conference
" it seems that elections are not much interest by the American side , and there is no immunity of any official entity for any political entity , and its support is himself , " he said .
" in addition to this reason , there is a total of reasons for the decision to take the decision , " he said , referring to " deterioration of the security situation across the country . "
" we have previously asked for postponing elections for six months , but we have not got the request for this , " he said .
he pointed out that his party " presented a copy of the withdrawal of the withdrawal of the independent High Commission for the Elections . "
regarding whether the decision was made by the decision of the other parties , the boycott of the elections , which has been declared , has announced that the boycott of the elections , or the withdrawal of the elections , said , " This decision came alone and not
the Secretary General of the National Front of Iraq , Hassan Zeidan Khalaf , 58 , was led by the Iraqi military academy , which includes four military colleges , including engineering College , and held several military posts in the previous Iraqi regime and took place in 1996
the National Front of Iraq , the National Front of Iraq , obtained the approval of the Supreme Commission for Elections , a political entity , and the number of the votes of the Front 's election , which was designed to provide 216 candidates to the National Assembly elections .
London " forever " " forever " ABOUT " The principle of sharing sovereignty on Gibraltar Gibraltar . "
Madrid 12-1 ( AFP ) - The Prime Minister of Gibraltar , Peter Caruana , announced Wednesday in Kadez that London has abandoned " forever " on the principle of the principle of holding sovereignty between Spain and Britain over this area .
" it has been given forever " to the principle of sharing sovereignty with Spain because it was " bad , " " a bad thing for Gibraltar and Spain , " Carwani said at a press conference held in Kadiz ( Andalde ) .
Gibraltar , like Spain , supports the removal of colonialism from this region , he said .
however , he said , " We see that it is necessary to implement the principle of self-government , as Spain wants to reintegrate the region , Spain . "
Carana considered that the British and Spanish authorities had realized that their attempts to address the issue of sovereignty on Gibraltar in a bilateral way " is doomed to failure because that is violated because that is violated with the people of Gibraltar . "
in November 2002 , 998 percent of the 20,000 voters , 500 of the 20,000 voters , announced that they want to stay British to British survival .
on December 17 , Spain , Britain and Gibraltar announced that the establishment of the dialogue forum on Gibraltar , which has agreed to the first time , has agreed that the Gibraltar government has to enjoy the authority of the decision on the basis of London and Madrid .
but Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero announced on Dec. 18 that Madrid sticks to its demands on Gibraltar .
he said that such demand " is a matter of which Spain does not give Spain .
this is a basic principle , " he said .
the British Gibraltar , which is located six square kilometers in southern Spain , lies on the entrance of the strait connecting the Atlantic Ocean .
Spain has been ceded to Britain in 1713 under the Utrecht Treaty .
the number of helicopters and US soldiers in northern Iraq ( army )
Washington 13-1 ( AFP ) - a senior military official in Washington announced on Thursday that the American army has doubled its number of helicopters and sent additional reinforcements to northern Iraq , where violence is a prelude to the general elections scheduled for January 30
General John Baptiste confirmed that elections would be held in Salahuddin , Dibali , and Sulamim , and Sulamaniyah , as their soldiers are deployed , but admitted that security problems in two main cities are Samarra and Beigi
the General Bandest said in reference to the governorates that supervised " the 25,000 " Iraqi security services elements , the 43 of the 43 million in the four governorates , and said his forces " will include an additional brigade with doubling the number of its
" we will succeed ( elections in the four governorates ) , " he told reporters .
" either in Samarra and Biji , we are working to settle some problems , " he said , heading for reporters directly .
the remarks were issued at a time when American military personnel finally said that security conditions in four of the 18 Iraqi governorates are not suitable for elections .
the General Patterson said that the Iraqi security elements would directly be directly advised to maintain the system in polling offices but the American forces will be ready to intervene to " crush the insurgency , when it is dominating the cycle of the
" we will continue to work in cooperation with the Iraqi security forces to achieve it , " he said , adding that security measures prepared closely coordinated with the Iraqi authorities were being established .
however , he pointed out that the US strategy is being carried out by the US strategy , pointing out that the number of ongoing operations is underway .
" there will be more operations in tomorrow , and operations against rebellion will continue to be conducted , and after elections , " he said .
the US officer announced that the rebels launched around 24 attacks on Wednesday in the area , which is leading its command of the Iraqi forces .
sharp debate IN MAP ABOUT ABOUT OON ABOUT OON
Rabat 14-1 ( AFP ) - A sharp debate in Morocco on the freedom of journalism lies on the freedom of journalism , which is related to the king , which is not related to the king after publishing articles that he criticized
" the Royal Foundation of the Kingdom of the Kingdom , " the Independent newspaper , wrote a article entitled " the Royal Institution of the Royal Development " which , pointing out that the abuse of King of King in some newspapers " is threatening the democratic process of democracy . "
the accusation , which has been issued by several political officials , is targeted by two political officials , two of which are two independent ones , " BMW " and " even a regular campaign " against King King .
" BMW " published under a detailed file on income and expenditure , the Royal Palace and other other Moroccan tourists , which are paid by Moroccans , are a annual file of 210 million euros annually .
" the Journal of Journal , " " Le Street Abdader , " published a front-page story , a empty picture of the throne with " what is what is what is what King
with criticism of the absence of King of King about official occasions , including Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on November 12 , he said .
for his part , the National Movement of Popular Movement ( BJP ) , the centrist center-right movement , denounced the " plot , which led by Tamera in the past , against the warehouse , " in reference to the two attempts to the late generation of the second generation Hasan
" the two of the two , who are not the two , attacked the two , two of them , and their officials , and their perpetrators , and their perpetrators of committing the " excesses of the " " heinous excesses and abuses , "
the weekly weekly weekly weekly Al-Nahdeh denounced Arabic , which is printed by Arabic , which is " the real sponsors of which are against Morocco and its objective of striking the Royal Property Foundation and unity . "
no comment or official objection from the palace or the government has not issued any comment , which is that it exceeded " the Khmer Rouge " of the Moroccan press .
the International Association of International Proplants , which is the eyes of King Juan Carlos , to the case of human rights in Morocco
Madrid 14-1 ( AFP ) - The Amnesty International ( AFP ) announced Friday that it had drawn the views of the Spanish monarch to " concern " on the situation of human rights in Morocco , where King Juan Carlos will visit a state from 17 to 19 January
" this concern relates to the new law on security , torture , and , and restrictions , restrict freedom of expression , death , rights , rights , women and prisoners of war , " said the OPCW in a statement issued by the Spanish
she explained that she sent a message to the Spanish monarch , which will last week visit a state to Morocco at the invitation of King Mohamed VI to devote the normalization of relations between the two countries after the crisis , which broke out in light of the
the organization expressed concern about " increasing torture of Islamic fundamentalists who are detained in Morocco since 2002 . "
the new law , which was adopted after Casablanca 's attacks , was the only of the two countries on May 16 , 2003 , which allows torture to extend 12 days for the detention of suspected terrorist suspects , and preventing those who use the
the organization called for releasing 412 Moroccan POWs prisoners detained in prisons in the Sahara Desert Front , which is demanding independence of the former Spanish colony which was annexed by Morocco in 1975 .
meanwhile , the organization commended the new family law , which was recognized in 2004 and lifted from 15 to 18 illegal people to marry women and lay down very harsh conditions for women .
but he denounced that " lack of fundamental changes in the system of heritage and discrimination , and discrimination right to women . "
Morocco : Hisham Momri left a video tape , revealing " secrets of state "
Rabat 15-1 ( AFP ) - The Moroccan newspaper , Le Ohdi Al-Montri , said Saturday that Morocco , which was about the Royal Palace , was found , and was found dead in August 2004 , leaving the American legal advisers a videotape that was found in the
the paper said that the American legal adviser Richard Ashinov , who confirmed the paper , had decided to " sell in open auction " as it is waiting for 300,000 dollars .
the two countries were accused in several cases in France within the framework of smuggling of money from the Kuwaiti dinar in Bahrain valued at 350 million euros .
investigations started in 1998 and ended in June last year .
he was found dead in the head of the head in Malaga , Spain .
the most important Moroccan monarch , King Hassan II , was the son of King Hassan VI , father of Moroccan King Mohamed VI .
Ashinov explained that he wanted to sell the tape to restore money for the money which was due to the blessing of the most heavily run .
the paper quoted Ashinov as saying that the tape " contains secrets of state secrets that would be released if they reveal the case of killing his client . "
he pointed out that " envoys " asked American lawyer to reveal the contents of the tape .
he explained that the tape , which recorded 70 minutes in the USA , was directed to King King , but the palace 's milieus were convinced that the king was not able to see .
the activists decided to launch an open book to King Hassan II in June 1999 , as he threatened to publish information that he would harm his image , according to Ashinov .
" if this tape is reached to someone , or to press , I will get anything , " said Hisham Mueri , who is published in the newspaper published by newspaper .
Al Sharqeh stresses " an active role " of the United Nations in Iraq in Iraq
Damascus 1 1 ( AFP ) - Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk al-Shara stressed Sunday that " the importance of the UN to play an active role " in Iraq during a meeting with special representative of UN Secretary-General in Iraq Ashraf Qazi , said on Sunday , the Syrian news agency
" the United Nations will play an active role , which serves as the aspirations of the Iraqi people in independence , sovereignty and management , " he was quoted as saying , expressing hope that the coming elections would be held with the participation of Iraqis all in various areas of
Qazi said in a statement to reporters following the meeting , he expressed his " appreciation for the positive attitude taken by Syria " over the current general elections scheduled for 30 of the current year .
" the Iraqis have the capacity and cohesion to overcome the ordeal and difficulties , " Qazi said , emphasizing " the importance of comprehensive participation of all Iraqis to be successful to achieve the elections and their interests are a success of achieving their goals and interests
the UN office in Beirut said that the visit of Ashraf Qazi , who visited Lebanon , was part of UN efforts to obtain greater participation in the elections .
the Sunni minority has called for delaying a date for the postponement of the insecurity due to continued insecurity .
Syria allowed the participation of Iraqis residing on its territories in Damascus from 28 to 30 .
about 200,000 Iraqis live in Syria , according to the latest announcement , the representative of the International Organization for Migration , Luis Martinez Bananzos , said .
a statement from intellectuals and Arab scholars in Paris for French press freedom , Oina , for French press freedom ,
Paris 17-1 ( AFP ) - Several intellectuals , intellectuals and journalists in Paris , a number of intellectuals , intellectuals and journalists in Paris , launched an call for the " Lebanese Culture Forum " to call for the freedom of French , French journalist , who disappeared in Iraq on January 5th and its
the statement , which took place on Monday , said that " the hands of extremism has extended again again to the long time , " a delegate of the newspaper " Liberison " , a representative of the " Leabeping " newspaper ,
the statement considered that silence on human beings and dignity " constitutes a contribution to the best values of all values and major principles to serve policies and make extremism as a belief that the ultimate standard is the absolute standard . "
the statement appealed to " behalf of all values and live right to the right of all of the rights of all the rights of the right and the right of the right of the people of Mecca and the loss of their just , and in France , " to avoid further distortion
the statement considered that the attitude of Arab Arabia , especially those of those who features its own and the " historic responsibility of each concession , " was a " historic responsibility of all concession , " and the
the statement signed 54 religious and media figures , which came in its shatitary of the famous two , two of which were , and the two , two of which were , and the two , Atwel , Al-Nawi , Al-Atwat , and
the Iraqi writer , Mamdouh , , Moroccan writer , Abdel Wahab Al-Muwaibi , Moroccan and Saudi , was signed by Abdel Latif Al-Dhaman , and Saudi Arabia , and Ahmad Abu Dhaman , and Saudi Arabia .
among those who signed the statement , Faisal Joum , Hassan Shamouq , Walid Shamouq , Al-Shamat , Al-Nami , Al-Nami , Al-Naqi , Al-Naqi ,
al-Qassam Brigades announces killing one of its militants in a suicide attack near Gush Katif
Gaza 18-1 ( AFP ) - Ezzedine al-Qassam Brigades , the military wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement ( Hamas ) , announced responsibility for carrying out " martyrdom operation " at the roadblock near the Gush Katif settlement complex near Gush Katif settlement
" that carried out martyrdom operation on the two categories of Al-Mathana , the two brothers , " said the brigades in a statement obtained by Agence France-Presse . " the martyrdom operation of the martyr was on the two hand , " the sources said .
" the Qassam Brigades claimed responsibility for martyrdom operation on the barrier of Al-Matim , " the southern Gaza Strip , said the statement .
witnesses earlier said that " a powerful explosion occurred at a crossroads near the Gush Katif settlement complex near the Gush Katif settlement complex in the south of Gaza Strip at a Israeli military barrier . "
Israeli ambulances were seen seen , heading to the area and were injured , they said .
the Israeli army Radio reported that the explosion caused a Palestinian suicide bomber approaching a Israeli group , or the army , or military .
the attack comes at a time when Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon inspected Israeli army commanders stationed in Gaza Strip , who offered the security situation in the region , a official said .
Sharon discussed with the military , particularly ways of putting an end to the launching of missile launches on southern Israel under increasing operations in recent days , the official said .
" all possible efforts must be made to put an end to Qassam rocket missiles , " Sharon told the military 's office , saying that " all possible efforts must be made to end Qassam rockets " on Israeli territory .
he considered that Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas " does not need a period of a period of being what is being known on the ground and is known as the officers and everybody . "
several Qassam rockets and mortar shells fell on Tuesday in south Israel without causing casualties .
twelve Syrian and Sunni parties announced forming a national coordination committee for defending human rights in Syria .
Damascus 18-1 ( AFP ) - Four parties , Syria , a opposition and a opposition , announced that the two parties , and a opposition , announced on Tuesday in a statement after two-day meetings in Damascus about establishing a national coordinating committee for defending basic freedoms and human rights in Syria .
the political parties met yesterday and today in the Syrian capital , and the establishment of the National Coordination Committee for defending basic freedoms and human rights in Syria , said Aziz Daoud , secretary of the Kurdish Progressive Progressive Party .
he stressed that " the names of members of the coordination committee will be announced soon , " explaining that it will be represented by each party .
the committee will work according to the statement , in order to release all political detainees and colleagues , including Kurds on the background of March events last year and the file of political detention and exile to the homeland .
the statement also called on " canceling state of emergency , martial , judicial courts , and secure the independence of the judiciary , settling the problems of the missing and the return of civil rights to the two countries . "
he also called for " working for a democratic solution to the Kurdish question and minority minorities . "
the statement stressed that " a new law of the Parties , societies , free freedom of press , and the abolition of all forms of physical physical torture , and issuing a new law for publications , "
the statement signed by the 15-member National Democratic Rally , nine Kurdish parties , and nine Kurdish parties , including the Kurdish Progressive Progressive Party , the Kurdish Democratic Front , the Kurdish People 's Liberation Front , the Democratic People 's Assembly , the Democratic People 's Assembly , and the National People 's Assembly ( SPLA ) ,
Iran DENIES INFORMATION ON AMERICAN UNTICES IN IRAN
Tehran 1 1 ( AFP ) - a senior Iranian official denied press information about the infiltration of American commando groups to Iran to determine a location where nuclear sites could target air strikes , Iranian newspapers reported Wednesday .
" no American commando groups can enter this easily easily to Iran until espionage and it will be the acceptance of such a idea , " said spokesman of the Supreme Security Council Ali Agha Mohammadi .
" we know our borders , " he added .
Mohammadi criticized the information , published by the American magazine " New Yorker " magazine , saying it constituted part of " psychological campaign " against the Islamic Republic .
" New York " groups have been conducting secret reconnaissance missions in Iran since 2004 , searching for nuclear and chemical targets , said New York .
despite denying the US Defense Department , the US Defense Department , however , has led to the increasing speculation of possible US military operations for Iran 's nuclear activities .
the speculation was seen when US President George Bush announced Monday in an interview with the American television channel that he did not rule out a military operation against Iran .
" I hope that we can resolve this problem in a diplomatic way , but I will not rule out any option , " Bush said .
he said that New Zealand information " do not deserve to stop . "
he repeated that Iran 's nuclear program is peaceful and Iran is not seeking to provide atomic bombs , and the United States is also seeking to be the country .
" we have no nuclear weapons , and the IAEA inspectors searched Iranian installations , " he said .
former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani , who still is still a well-known figure in the Iranian regime , warned on Tuesday the United States of any military operation against Iran .
" the threat of our foreign enemies is not let us , they know that Iran is the historic Islamic country , " he was quoted by the Iranian news agency IRNA as saying .
Nuba Mountains : Khartoum and SPLM / SPLA TO BE REPLERE
Khartoum 1 1 ( AFP ) - Sudan 's demand for the Sudan , the Sudan Liberation and Liberation Movement ( SPLA ) , the Sudan Liberation and Liberation Army ( SPLA ) , has been asked for six months , the mission of the observers and the multinational forces in the Nuba Mountains ,
the region , in central Sudan , is a two-year truce for two years , and sponsored the joint mission of observers and the joint military committee , which included the United States , Britain , Norway , Switzerland , Sweden , Denmark ,
General Filhen announced at a press conference on Wednesday that the success of the mission , which is held in the Nuba Mountains ( three ) , was signed on January 9 in Nairobi between Khartoum and southern rebels , in which it is to be reached to
he emphasized that the mechanism applied in the Nuba Mountains could be applied to other parties in Sudan after assessing the security situation in every area .
he added that there was no clashes between the armed forces in the Nuba Mountains since the ceasefire was implemented , explaining that the lessons of the experiment would be lifted to the United Nations to benefit them in other areas .
the success of the truce has been translated into the region since 2002 , the number of residents in the region , which has increased from 720 thousand people to one million and half , said General Filhen .
Hayat said Hayat resumed normal its normal session , despite mines planted during the war .
on January 5th , the Sudanese News Agency reported that the United Nations has asked a 100 day deadline for replacing the Joint Military Commission in the Nuba Mountains .
at least five Iraqi fighters were killed in clashes in Mosul ( US officer )
( photo )
Mosul ( Iraq ) , 20 1 ( AFP ) - At least five Iraqi fighters were killed Thursday in Mosul , north of Iraq , at a time after hundreds of US soldiers deployed in the city to carry out operations , an US officer said .
" at least five rebels were killed " when a pick-up was located , after a truck was opened by a small truck , said Lieutenant Michael Kurunla , the officer of the first Battalion in the 1st Infantry Battalion .
meanwhile , some 700 US soldiers supported by elements of the Iraqi army in reviving , and two of the Iraqi army are stationed in reviving the river River , the Tigris River .
a press correspondent , embedded with the US military , said that soldiers searched a number of houses and some of the residents .
many Iraqis are showing their dissatisfaction with the implementation of their operations on the first day of the Eid al-Adha Day amid the crisis and electricity crisis .
" this is not a atmosphere of Eid , but a atmosphere of funeral , " Mohammad Younis , the student , said in his home with his mother and friends .
Korunola said the soldiers found in their demonstration on arms weapons , ammunition and " leaflets calling for jihad . "
the US soldiers have been patrolling the patrols in recent days to find them that they control the city and encouraging people to participate in the elections scheduled for January 30 .
most of the estimated 1.5 million people , mostly from Sunnis , said they would not vote for fear of reprisals by insurgents opposing the election .
British Deputy Prime Minister : Dalian , a modern industrial city ,
Dalian 3 December / Xinhua / Dalian succeeded in shifting from the old industrial economy to a modern industrial city , visiting British Deputy Prime Minister , John Prescott , said here Friday .
Prescott made the remark during his meeting with Wang Chengmin , vice mayor of Dalian , a city of Dalian , known as its counterparts , and Guo in the old industrial belt in northeast China .
northeast China 's Liaoning region , including Liaoning , Jilin , and Heilongjiang , is China 's largest industrial base .
this region has started lagging behind other areas in the 1990s because of the state-owned companies owned by the state and the resources .
in 2003 , the central government put forward a agenda of revitalizing the old industrial base and planned to invest over 60 billion yuan ( 7.2 billion US dollars ) in the region .
Prescott said many cities in Northern England , like cities of northeast China , are trying to shift out the economy on coal or iron , becoming modern industrial cities .
Dalian offers a good example for this shift and will lead to the transformation in the whole region with new industries .
Dalian hopes to increase cooperation with Britain especially in maritime shipping works , Wang said .
Dalian has 71 projects with British investments , mostly in the fields of manufacturing , trade , trade and service industry .
the value of contractual investments is estimated at about 430 million US dollars and actual investments at $ 158 million .
experts : China 's economic growth offers opportunities and no threat to Latin America countries
Peking 5 December \ Shenkhu \ The economic and trade relations between China and Latin America are developing well so that it meets internationally internationally internationally .
China 's economic growth could provide more opportunities and pose a threat to Latin America countries .
Song Xiaoping , deputy director of the Latin American Research Institute under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , made the remarks at a press conference conducted Friday by Xinhua correspondent , who opened a press conference in the Chinese capital of Beijing .
Song said at this seminar , " China 's China 's rise is a opportunity to attract international economic development . "
as for Latin America countries , China is a driving force that is conducive to Latin America 's economic growth and accepted .
the Chinese economy and the increase of China 's imports of Latin America in recent years has strongly witnessed the recovery of the Latin American economy , thus the largest largest importer of Latin America , he said .
the rapid growth of China 's economic growth is a good foundation for the Latin American-Latin American trade development , which is also on the other hand , Latin America has emerged from the financial crisis , which broke out in the late 1990s , the economic recession
all these countries provide a opportunity for developing economic and trade relations between the two sides , and that these relations could be made in a way to the five years to ten years .
Abkhazia is holding second round of presidential elections
Moscow 5 December / Xinhua / An source close to the Abkhaz Prime Minister Khazhba said Sunday that the former presidential candidates in Georgia 's breakaway republic of Abkhazia , Sergei Bagabash , and Raul Khagagin , agreed to hold the second round of presidential elections , according to Itar-Tass
during the mediation of Prime Minister Nodar Khazhba , Deputy Prosecutor General Vladimir Kovenba , the two sides agreed to lift the blockade immediately from all the country 's buildings , including the government buildings , the presidential office , the presidential authority , the radio and radio , in Pactanda
Abkhazia held the presidential vote on Oct. 3 when Bagapsh got 43,336 votes and Khagba at 3,0815 votes .
however , the dispute on the outcome erupted between rival candidates in the elections , which is supported by Russia 's support and opposition leader Bagapsh .
Bagapsh , who insisted on winning the elections , said he would set up the inauguration ceremony as scheduled on Monday , " despite pressure that is exerted . "
the Russian Assistant Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov warned on Wednesday that if any " unconstitutional actions " , Russia will close its borders with Abkhazia and will take necessary measures to prevent the escalating violence in the region .
Abkhazia declared independence from Georgia in early 1990s after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
no country has yet to have any independence .
Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili has vowed to regain control and control of the other rebel region of South Ossetia .
Iraqi Justice Minister fear about a civil war in Iraq
Baghdad 5 December / Xinhua / The Iraqi Justice Minister , Malik Dohan al-Hassan , expressed fears about a civil war in case of the interim government 's insistence on holding Iraqi elections as scheduled for January next year .
in statements for Washington Radio , Malik Al-Hassan , in statements for the American " Stop American " radio , expressed his support for the invitation of some Iraqi parties to delay elections until the security situation in Iraq , considering that it is inappropriate for such elections .
he pointed out that leaders and brothers of Mosul , Tikrit , Baquba and Ramadi , and Ramadi , refused to boycott the elections , calling for boycotting the government 's demands of the Iraqi government to be the demands of the Iraqi regime to be in a electoral zone and
although a Iraqi popular government has a Iraqi popular government for evacuating foreign troops from Iraq , there can be no elections in light of the current security situation , he said .
the minister explained that security cannot be guaranteed at his departure as he is going to vote , as security and the security of a candidate would meet with a candidate to announce his electoral program .
a number of Sunni Muslim politicians had urged the government to postpone elections for six months to give the authorities necessary for securing polling stations and convince the public clerics to abandon their call for boycotting the elections .
however , interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said that the government is sticking to the date of January 30 after receiving assurances from the Iraqi Election Commission that elections could be conducted even in the Sunni areas where insurgency could be held .
on his part , US President George W. Bush stressed on Dec. 2 that the Iraqi elections should be held on Jan. 30 , as scheduled , and that it is time that the Iraqi citizens should go to the polls .
African Union expresses confidence in Annan
Addis Ababa 6 December / Xinhua / The Executive Council of the African Union ( AU ) expressed his firm confidence on the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan , who is currently under attack due to his son 's accusation of receiving seven years of a company that participates in the oil-for-food program against
in an emergency session , the council said the UN Secretary-General has always shown a great commitment to the United Nations and its definition of changing its position in a globalized world .
the council expressed his belief in the spirit of Annan 's ability to continue his leadership to the United Nations until the end of his term in 2007 .
" we are not accusing the United States and other countries of the countries , but we express our solidarity with him , " the council stressed .
the council is expected to discuss the issues related to the EU budget on Tuesday .
the investigation was conducted with Kojo Anan , son of the Secretary General of charge of corruption .
corruption rumors surfaced in January when an Iraqi newspaper published a list of 270 leading figures from 46 countries , saying they received oil money from Saddam Hussein 's regime .
the list included Benon Sevan , one of the UN officials who was director of the program , but denied that it was strongly denied .
later , the US Congress panel accused the International Organization of the International Organization of missponsoring the program , saying that the organization allowed Saddam Hussein to obtain over 10 billion dollars of oil revenues .
Annan was an internal investigation in February but his giguble in March , as a prelude to a broader and independent achievement .
the oil-for-food program started in December 1996 to allow Iraq to export 69.5 billion US dollars .
the United Nations on oil sales and purchase of Iraq , and the program was canceled in November last year , was canceled last year .
American DIDIDIER : Washington READY TO SERE IT TO LIBYA
Tripoli December 6 \ Shenkhu \ The American charge d 'affaires , Gregory Perry , announced on Monday that his country is ready to transfer modern technology to Libya , stressing his country 's support for Libya 's efforts to join the World Trade Organization .
the American charge d 'affaires in a speech delivered in Tripoli said that the world is busy its moment in Libya , which has a great natural potential for oil and gas , in addition to its geographical location , noting that political stability and security situation encourages international companies to invest safely and stability .
" we know that the Libyan changes will not happen on the eve of tonight , but will need a time and a time , but we also asked the Libyan side to deal with the framework of what he called transparency with the other partner , emphasizing
Perry pointed out that his country is monitoring the positive developments on the Libyan arena , and encourages and supports Libya 's openness to the world , calling for the visits made by several American bodies to Libya , which resulted in a clear improvement in relations between the two countries .
Perry also praised the great Libyan hospitality , which is to be held by every American , which is to visit Libya , which has been in Libya , and that it has been Libyan friends , which facilitate Libya 's handling of Libya .
the Libyan economic meeting started on Monday morning , with a participation of many businessmen and economic and economic , and the European economic gathering for seeking a new prospect for cooperation and investment opportunities on Libyan markets .
this will be organized under a two-day meeting under the auspices of a number of major oil companies in the world .
signed WITH JAPANESE GRANT TO BE SIGN $ 7 MILLION
Amman 7 December / Xinhua / Jordan and Japan signed a offer of a total of 7 million US dollars to finance the purchase of equipment , equipment and vehicles necessary for a project of the waste of the waste of the waste , and the necessary
the memo signed by the Jordanian side and Minister of Planning , Minister of Planning , Minister of Planning , International Cooperation Hazem Nasser and the Japanese side , Ambassador of the ambassador in Amman , signed the memo of understanding ,
the exchange of notes between the Jordanian and Japanese governments comes within allocations of Japan 's public donation program to finance the project of the Daibaiy-Daibaiy-Doubaious waste project , which comes to a project of improving the management of the solid waste of
he also pointed out that the Japanese government contribution to finance the first stage of the project through providing a number of waste , equipment , equipment , mechanisms and help to maintain the environment through improving the management of solid waste management .
in Amman , the Japanese ambassador in Amman praised the central Jordan role in supporting stability in the region and efforts exerted by providing ways to promote economic and social development in Jordan , emphasizing the commitment of the Japanese government to provide financial and technical support to Jordan in various fields
last year , the Japanese government presented an emergency grant to Jordan valued at 100 million dollars within the framework of Japanese aid offered to Jordan to ease the repercussions and impacts caused by war on Iraq . it has allocated 50 million dollars to support government efforts in implementing the economic and social development program , and 50 million dollars will be presented to the form of public efforts to finance the economic and
COMESA marks 10th anniversary with call for expediting integration of integration
Lusaka 8 December / Xinhua / The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa , one of the largest economic communities in Africa , celebrated the 10th anniversary of its founding Wednesday with a invitation to speed up integration .
the incumbent President of COMESA , Yoweri Museveni , said in a roundtable meeting in Lusaka , capital of Zambia , that member states should be ready to sacrifice part of national sovereignty for regional integration .
" the successful regional integration means to give a part of our national sovereignty for a greater public interest , " he said .
the healthy balance between national sovereignty and regional integration should achieve a real progress , " he said .
" national sovereignty must not be our way when we study the issues of free trade zone , customs union , peace and stability , " he said .
Museveni 's remarks are not the only cash of the other COMESA countries , which has been postponed by the customs union of COMESA .
COMESA was supposed to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the customs union that the customs union is to be held , but the differences of views led to an indefinite delay .
Museveni stressed that COMESA and African countries need the union to get a better chance in globalization .
" Uganda cannot negotiate negotiations , " he said .
we are smaller that we can negotiate , and negotiate , and negotiate , " he said .
COMESA is certain to be some force , which can negotiate it .
COMESA can negotiate better than Uganda , " he said .
Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa , who agreed with Museveni 's remarks , said COMESA represents regional approach to benefit from Africa and create more opportunities for their people .
EDF Company , DSA BSA , produces 2 million diamond diamonds in 2004
Johannesburg 8 December / Xinhua / The Southern African Southern African Company said Wednesday that the company produced two million diamond bodies in Calmbli , one of the oldest and one of diamonds , and the diamond mines in 2004 , a record record achieved in 1914
South Africa is one of the largest diamond producers in the world .
the volume of diamonds amounted to 8.9 billion US dollars in 2003 , including 4 percent of the blood trade trade .
" human beings , when you think , think , in your future , is thinking of hard work , and the creative management of producing such a large quantity of diamonds from mines like a century ago , " said the head of the
he said he was proud of the team that managed to achieve this production " amazing . "
the record , the first since 90 years - is a increase of 100 percent compared with his Minister in 2003 - to use new technology to re-handle the remaining diamond of the complex of the complex complex , which opened by the two and the two countries ,
mines at the beginning of the first quarter targeted 1.5 million , but the target was revised to 1.8 million in the third quarter of 2004 .
" this achievement is the result of a consistent commitment by all workers , and effective communications , and ensure that all workers know their goals and the right means of doing their work , " said David Noko , director of
" the company is pleased to this magnificent performance of workers , " said Noco , adding that the results are to stimulate work tirelessly to restore mines to profitability .
report : Buddhist leaders affirm about spreading Buddhism
Yangon 11 December / Xinhua / The Buddhist monks of Vietnam , from 16 countries attending the World Buddhist Summit , said Saturday , the need for promoting Buddhism , spreading , and support the Buddhist unity , friendship , understanding and understanding , and
in a joint statement issued by the end of the Buddhist Summit , the three Buddhist leaders , which were held by Myanmar , called for efforts to protect Buddhism and preserve the Buddhist historical heritage , and to exchange the Buddhist aspirations with the people of the world for per capita and in order to
they stressed the need for promoting Buddhist education with methods and modern technology and setting up more Buddhist centers across the world to disseminate the original teachings of Buddhism .
it took part in the religious summit hosted by Myanmar for the first time , and started on Thursday more than 1,000 monks , nuns , observers and a scientist from over 30 countries and the host country .
the inaugural session of the State Peace and Development Council , Major General Than Shwe , Prime Minister , Lieutenant-General Soe Win , Lao Prime Minister , Lao Prime Minister , Lao Prime Minister , Lao Prime Minister , Li Saphuith ,
observers here believe that the summit was a major event of Myanmar as Buddhist monks , researchers and scholars from countries across all over the world discussed research on a number of topics including " the College of Quality gravity " and world peace , world peace , and Buddhism , and the world 's relations and world
in the summit , the consensus was agreed on many religious issues that contribute to promoting understanding of friendship and cooperation among Buddhist countries .
the Buddhist leaders see that there are unfortunate events in the contemporary world such as armed conflict , terrorism , and the fruits of development between poor and poor , and they believed that it is only only , and tolerance , and tolerance can be eliminated
sources : Marwan Barbabi , Marwan Bobithi for Presidential Elections
Gaza 11 December / Xinhua / Palestinian sources close to Fatah movement said that Marwan Barbi , the movement of movement in the West Bank , was detained in the West Bank , as he was detained in Israeli jails .
the sources , who asked not to say that the detained Barghouti , who was jailed in Israel , was accused of " one of the articles of the presidential election law , " which was not known to be mentioned .
" the law requires all the Palestinian presidential candidate to resign from any position , which will be presented to the general elections of the general elections , especially members of public bodies , judges and security , and the security , which applies to the Palestinian Legislative Council members , " she added .
" Hassan Khrirish , acting chairman of the Legislative Council , forced to retreat from his decision to go to the presidential elections after they informed the council members that it is a collaborator between the continuation of the Legislative Council or submitting resignation to elections ,
" the same thing applies to Barghouti , who announced the candidacy of himself , without giving his resignation from the Legislative Council , which is a legal violation of the rule of the elections , " the sources stressed .
the sources said that the 10 special article of the President 's Center , which stipulates that " the elections apply to the president of the President , " stipulates that " the elections are applied to the president of the President of the President , "
article 14 , which comes under the title of candidature , and the general positions , said " with regard to the provisions of these law , the nomination of the ministers in the Palestinian National Authority or government 's employees , or public administrations , or the heads of municipal councils , or international institutions , working in the region unless they did not have ten days before the
a " Chinese threat " " threat " in Japan 's Defense Program
Tokyo 11 December / Xinhua / The Japanese government unveiled on Friday a 10-year defense program , which describes any justification for China 's justifications to be a possible threat to the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) .
while the DPRK does not establish diplomatic ties with Tokyo , China has signed a peace agreement with a view to a peace and economic relationship .
despite the drafting diplomacy , the Japanese defense program said that China and the DPRK are the only neighbors that pose a threat .
" it is necessary to monitor the programs of the nuclear and Chinese missile , modernization and modernization of its navy and air forces , and attempts to expand the maritime activities , " said the document , issued by the Japanese government on Friday .
China and Japan normalized relations 32 years ago .
in addition to the peace agreement and friendship signed after six years , the two countries agreed to modernize their relations to become a partnership relationship in 1998 .
over the past three decades , trade has increased by 130 times , and is scheduled to reach 150 billion US dollars this year .
China will become the largest trade partner of Japan in the near future .
the total Japanese investments in China are 46 billion dollars .
the two countries have been strengthened to the long-term friendship and peace between China and Japan , and the long-term importance of the two countries , but also for peace and prosperity in East Asia and the world , and the whole world
in this context , it is difficult to realize why Japan believes China is a source of threat .
Japanese Cabinet Secretary of State , Hosoda Hiroyuki , tried to downplay the issue of " the Chinese threat . "
he told reporters Friday that the new defense program did not mention China as a threat , but a state deserves Japan 's interest in the field of security .
a " Chinese threat " is a " Chinese threat " in Japan 's defense program and last addition ,
but his interpretation did not convince Japanese media , which said it is the first time that Japan 's defense program is to " the Chinese threat , " and that it was not directly directly .
the move is contrary to the Japanese government 's move to highlight the " Chinese threat " with the aspirations of the two peoples to peace and a permanent friendship .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue commented that China expressed " dissatisfaction " with the Japanese move , saying " it is not unjustified and irresponsible . "
it is known that the Chinese people are peace-loving .
China , when it is stronger , will not pose a threat to any other country , but it will also contribute to building its neighbors in the development of its neighbors , stability and regional prosperity .
China hopes Japan will put the concerns of its Asian neighbors into consideration and caution in security and military policies .
Japan should stick to peace and peace and development in regional peace and development .
it is noteworthy that Japan appears to be the United States in the security strategy .
it is possible that Japan would transfer its defense defense programs to combat terrorism after the Sept . 11 attacks , and strengthen its defense capabilities against what the DPRK is named " the DPRK 's threat . "
but the intransigent trend of the missile defense system in cooperation with the United States is true with the United States .
it is not all convinced that this missile system is determined to be determined for purposes only only .
the Egyptian-Yemeni Joint Coordination Council begins its 16th session
Riyadh 11 December / Xinhua / The meetings of the 16th Saudi-Yemeni Joint Coordinating Council ( GCC ) started here today , in view of a series of political , economic , trade , trade and investment issues between Saudi Arabia and Yemen .
the Saudi side is chairing the second council conference , the Second Deputy Prime Minister , and Saudi Arabia , Prince Sultan Bin Abdel Aziz , in which the Yemeni side , Prime Minister , was headed by Prime Minister Abdul Qader Bajammal ,
the meeting came within the framework of the continuous bilateral cooperation between the two countries .
the coordination council is expected to discuss many issues related to promoting bilateral relations and joint cooperation in economic , trade , investment and security fields .
ways of boosting cooperation in tourism , transportation , education , investment , development , trade , import and exports will also discuss ways to strengthen cooperation in the fields of tourism , transport , education , and
the 15th session of the Egyptian-Yemeni Joint Coordinating Council , held in Sanaa in July 2003 , resulted in signing seven bilateral cooperation agreements .
the Egyptian-Yemeni Joint Coordinating Council was established in 1975 and had been cut up to ten years , and then resumed in December 2000 after the signing of the international border agreement between the two countries and held their periodic meetings once a year in the capitals of both
Yemeni Prime Minister Abdulkadir Bajammal arrived here afternoon afternoon to head the Yemeni side , participating in meetings of the coordination council in the 12th session , which starts its activities in Riyadh later on Friday .
a religious temple dating back to 1 : 00 B.C. in Syria
Damascus December 12 \ Shenkhu \ The professor of the historic Syrian city , Paolo Matina , announced that the historic Syrian city of Aylali , on Sunday , announced that the historic of the historic Syrian city of Elalaa , which is in Syria , was found on Sunday ,
Matier said in statements to reporters today that the religious temple was dated to 2,200 before Christmas and the age of the Royal Archives of the city , which is under the run under the age of the ancient and the mouth of the temple , over 6 meters
the continuation of the Italian mission , consisting of 50 scholars and 140 workers , supports cultural and cultural relations between cultures and the Mediterranean and the Mediterranean , he said , pointing out that the city of Eununan , which started since 1964 includes ancient relics , includes the ancient relics of the whole human history in a
Matier pointed out that the archaeological features in the city of Eladon , including Tel Aviv , the giant Royal and the giant Royal , also found the first one of the two human and one peace treaty between the cities of Eunala and also
the archaeological features in Abila City is one of the oldest and one of the oldest and the most famous in the Near East , which embodies the importance of scientific research in dialogue among peoples and cultures .
spokesman : the United States will not reduce military presence in Afghanistan
Kabul 13 December / Xinhua / The United States denied Monday reports about possible reduction in Afghanistan 's troop reduction .
" we here to help Afghanistan defeat the terrorist threat and secure a future of stability and peace , " said Mark McCann , spokesman for the coalition spokesman .
we are determined to stay here until our mission is completed , " he said .
General David BarBarBara , the US-led coalition commander in Afghanistan , expected earlier reports that the Pentagon would reduce its forces if the current peace process has completed .
according to the US military , remnants of the Taliban regime , which waged a guerrilla war against Afghan government , led by Karzai and his foreign supporters , started to conduct contact with Afghan officials and officials of coalition and to strengthen the peace process .
" during military operations , commanders will assess their strength and their capabilities to confirm that they have the real capabilities " and when we see that the threat of threat is decreasing , the force is assessing its forces and its
" the suspension of General David BarBarBara simply describes this process , not an attempt to expect a certain result , " he added .
he said the US commander had been with the opinion that there is still elements planning to destroy and want to destabilize the country .
the US-led coalition forces have been continuously deployed since its deployment in Afghanistan has been deployed in a decade after the fall of Taliban in 2001 .
the Afghan government , as well as the US administration , has announced amnesty , but the spokesman of movement , Abdel-Latif Al-Hilkimi , rejected the offer as " a trick to divide militia " and vowed to fight until finally .
China is deepening military cooperation with Russia , with Russia deepening military cooperation with Russia
Peking 13 December / Xinhua / The Foreign Ministry said here Monday , China is willing to work with Russia to deepen bilateral military cooperation and push forward strategic cooperation between China and Russia .
Guo Boxiong , vice-chairman of the Chinese Central Military Commission , made the remarks when meeting with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov , who is here for a four-day visit to China at the invitation of Defense Minister Cao Gangchuan .
the bilateral military ties , as an important part of strategic cooperation partnership between the two countries , continue to support them in recent years , Guo said .
the armed forces in both countries exchanged frequent high-level visits and expanded their cooperation , he added , adding that the security consultation system between the two countries is good .
as for the complicated situation across the Taiwan Straits , Guo said that separatist activities of Taiwan authorities constitute the biggest threat to peace and the Taiwan Straits .
the PLA will never allow any attempt to separate Taiwan from China , a consistent stance and will not change China , he said .
Guo expressed satisfaction with Russia 's principled stance on the one-China policy on the Taiwan issue .
Ivanov said that the Russian-Chinese relations witnessed remarkable progress in recent years .
and further and push forward military technological cooperation between the two sides .
he expressed his hope that the armed forces in both countries will continue their cooperation and their friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation .
on the issue of Taiwan , Ivanov said that Russia 's stance sticks to the one-China policy and is not changing in the future .
IAEA FOR THE Atomic Energy Agency : ElBaradei HAS NOT BELE nothing
Vienna 14 December / Xinhua / The IAEA chief of International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , is not hiding anything , the Austrian newspaper reported on Tuesday , citing the reports that the United States was spied on ElBaradei .
" we are working on the assumption that a entity or more than the two people , " said Mark Gizzat , spokesman of ElBaradei , said that the agency is working for all members and not to hide .
on Sunday , Washington Post reported that the US government has registered dozens of telephone calls with Iranian officials and is currently being investigated by search for the failure of ElBaradei to remove his post from his post .
ElBaradei was an Egyptian diplomat , who took over the UN nuclear agency in 1997 .
ElBaradei , 62 , is respected in the United Nations .
it has been asked by several countries in the IAEA to stay in office for a third term starting next summer .
however , Washington opposes granting a third term for a third term of a third term , saying that the heads of international organizations should not be more than a term for a term .
he alleged that the United States complained that ElBaradei was very flexible with Iran , and with Washington , with Washington over the issue of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Washington denied allegations that it wants to remove ElBaradei .
White House spokesman Scott McClellan told reporters on Monday that " we are very close with Dr. ElBaradei to deal with nuclear proliferation issues and issues of nuclear weapons programs in countries like Iran and North Korea , and will continue to do this during his term . "
President Hu Jintao will attend celebrations marking the anniversary of Macao 's return to the motherland and last addition to the second and last addition to the motherland .
he stressed that therefore , it is necessary that it is necessary to both the central government and the governments of Hong Kong and Macao , as well as the people of the regions , to explore ways to implement the principle of one country and two systems with progress .
" during this matter we may face some problems as that mission has never been achieved by it .
we must analyze this problems and we should be careful on it , " he said .
Hu said the key of achieving this lies lies in understanding and implementing the principle of " one country , two systems " and work strict commitment to the basic principle of Hong Kong and Macao administrative regions and abide by the principles of " Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong " and the people of Macao , which govern Macao " as the main nationalist nationalists are in accordance with the
President Hu Jintao said he expected the Macao Special Administrative Government to be put on the offer , and will continue to improve the level of governance and focus on the active promotion of sustainable economic and health development in Macao .
the president also suggested that the Macao government is not sighted and further training personnel in order to develop Macao in the future , safeguard stability , building and a comprehensive society .
among those attending the celebration , Liu Yongqing , wife Hu Jintao , Wang Gang , member of the Political Bureau of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , and a member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee , and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Congress , and head of the National Committee
artists from the mainland , Hong Kong , Macao and abroad presented artistic performances at the celebration .
Abbas : Palestinian leadership stick to the choice of the strategic peace
Ramallah , Dec. 21 / Xinhua / The chairman of the Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , Mahmoud Abbas , said Tuesday , " The Palestinian leadership is sticking to the choice of the strategic peace of the rights of our people ,
" we stand here today to congratulate the whole world what the President , who led the march of our people towards peace , is a view to the peaceful peace of our people , " Abbas said in a speech to the late memorial festival in Ramallah . " we are ready to the choice of a peaceful peace of our people , in accordance with international legitimacy resolutions , " Abbas said in
" the Palestinian people , who still face the Israeli attacks , are killed , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the two , are , and we insist , and we insist on its national responsibility , " Abbas said .
he added that " the legendary steadfastness of my leadership will remain a beacon of its struggle in completing the march of its struggle in order to end the Israeli occupation of the occupied occupation of the occupied Palestinian territories , " with the Palestinian state , with its capital of Jerusalem , as capital of Jerusalem ,
Abbas pointed out that the recent speech delivered by Arafat in the Legislative Council last August was " and its last , " which was the Palestinian position in the Palestinian position on various political issues , and the job of internal work in different levels .
" we declare that President Arafat 's speech is a duty to implement his duty and the evidence of our work , " he said .
Abbas announced that Arafat 's burial in the Muqata headquarters in Ramallah would be temporary and he will eventually be moved into Jerusalem .
Abbas vowed to continue the path that he headed by Arafat , and " we will continue to struggle with the struggle , our love , and to lift the martyrdom of our people , and to express our anger on the walls of Jerusalem , the capital of our independent Palestinian state , "
South Korea buys US-made planes
Seoul 21 December / Xinhua / South Korea will buy two American fighter jets in 2005 as first as a first step for purchasing planes at a cost of billions of dollars , according to Yonhap News Agency on Tuesday .
the two F-15 F-15 fighter jets from Boeing Company will be purchased by Boeing Company late next year under a project of 4.6 billion US dollars , the Yonhap News Agency quoted a officer as saying .
within the framework of this plan , South Korea will buy 38 F-15 fighter fighters by 2008 .
the F-15 fighter fighter is the best and multi-efficient fighter fighter and a sophisticated radar , and modern and modern air and modern air , and modern air and modern fighter fighter .
it is also a shame that is a wiguous atmosphere in fighting Joe Ju and in the strikes , in light of any climate , in the daytime .
in a separate procurement project , South Korea will buy two T-50 training by the end of next year in partnership with Lockheed Martin , the officer said .
South Korea will produce 94 C-130 fighter jets by 2011 , said the officers .
the South Korean Air Force will offer four airborne airborne airborne systems by 2011 , the officer said .
Boeing and IBM are competing for winning the cost of 1.7 billion dollars .
South Korea plans to buy 48 Patriot missiles by 2012 .
the South Korean Defense Ministry announced in November that it will spend about 92 billion dollars to enhance its defense capability before 2008 to mark the reduction of the number of US troops in Korea .
Seoul and Washington agreed in October to reduce the total number of US troops in Korea , 12,500 solutions in 2008 .
senior CPC official calls for further awareness of law and discipline , and discipline
Chongqing 21 December / Xinhua / An senior official with the CPC disciplinary inspection committee , the ruling party , said that all local party committees should apply law and discipline strictly to prevent the purchase of corruption between officials .
Wu Guanzheng , a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee , and secretary of the CPC Central Committee , made the remark during a inspection tour in Sichuan Province and Chongqing Municipality , during the inspection tour in Sichuan Province and Chongqing
he said there is still violations of partisan officers in some areas and departments , adding that lack of awareness of officers is a major reason for committing many officials to the same number of officials .
all CPC officials should strengthen their attention and their attention to officers , and it is used to be used properly through studying law and regulations , Wu said .
Wu also stressed the importance of institutional supervision on the party officials .
he pledged to implement the regulations of the Party 's internal supervision regulations strictly and improve the policy of mobile examination teams .
he also called for a effective mechanism to control senior officials , including reports of personal personal affairs , democratic assessment , and regular accountability .
he asked the Party discipline departments to strengthen their crackdown against corrupt officials including those who use their posts to achieve personal gains , including justice , and justice , and the justice of the people of the people .
during his tour , Wu also visited the former headquarters for establishing late Party leader Deng Xiaoping in Sichuan Province .
Blair and Sharon are preparing to revive the roadmap map
Jerusalem 22 December / Xinhua / British Prime Minister Tony Blair agreed with his Israeli counterpart Ariel Sharon on Wednesday to push forward the roadmap peace map which was exposed to settling the Palestinian-Israeli conflict .
at a joint press conference after meeting Sharon in Jerusalem on Monday , Blair described the Israeli disengagement plan , which provides for withdrawal from the Gaza Strip as a chance to revive the roadmap peace plan , which has been reached by international mediation , which envisions the steps of the establishment
Blair said that the proposed conference for peace in the Middle East , scheduled for February 2005 in London , aims at helping the disengagement plan to pave the way for implementing the road map that has not been developed since June 2003 .
meanwhile , Sharon insisted that the Palestinians should stop violence before resuming peace talks on the Palestinian state .
Sharon said Israel would not participate in London 's conference because it aims at strengthening the new Palestinian leadership and supporting Palestinian reforms after the January 9 elections , although Israel " attaches great importance to this conference . "
Blair , who arrived here on a 24-hour visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories , is scheduled to meet with Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom , Deputy Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , and Labor Party leader Shimon Peres .
after then , he will travel to Ramallah , West Bank , to meet with Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei and Chairman of the Palestinian Liberation Organization Mahmoud Abbas .
Al-Qakibi : the summit of Sanaa , which is considering , is discussed in security , economic , political and political files
Sanaa 24 December / Xinhua / Yemeni Foreign Minister , Dr. Abu Bakr Al-Qakibi , affirmed that there are three files in the summit of Sanaa , which will participate in the meeting of Yemen , Sudan and Ethiopia , as well as the
this came in a statement made by Al-Qakibi before leaving Sanaa on Saturday night for Khartoum , heading for the capital of the delegation , which is to participate in preparatory meetings held on Saturday and Sunday , as a prelude to the summit scheduled for Monday and Tuesday
al-Kurbi added that the second issue regarding economic cooperation , where the agreements will be discussed to the summit on establishing a free trade market between the three countries .
he explained that the third file will discuss political issues including cooperation and coordination in various issues and efforts to bring security and stability in the south of the Red Sea .
he pointed out that Yemen and its partners are keen to activate the role of the three countries in resolving the existing differences in the Horn of Africa , South Sea , and the end of the peace and peace in Sudan and the role that can play every country
on Thursday , Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh will head his country 's delegation to the summit , which will start in the Sudanese capital Khartoum next Monday .
the summit was organized two years ago , including its membership , Ethiopia and Ethiopia , in addition to Yemen .
the bilateral trade protocol is expected to witness a signing of bilateral cooperation protocol between the Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry and his Sudanese counterpart , and the Sudanese Minister of Commerce , the Egyptian and Egyptian Chambers of Commerce , will be held in a bid to develop cooperation between the private sector
results of the local elections show progress in the number of total and Hamas seats in the number of municipalities in municipalities .
Gaza 26 December / Xinhua / The results of local and municipal elections , held in 26 electoral constituencies in the West Bank , announced on Sunday that the results of the local and municipal elections , held in 26 electoral constituencies in the West Bank , announced on Sunday
the Chairman of the Supreme Committee for Elections , Jamal Shubaki , presented at a news conference held in Ramallah , in Ramallah , the names of candidates who won in elections as individuals , not according to their political affiliations .
he said " it is difficult to identify the political winners in this elections because they registered individuals , not as there are any blocks or political lists . "
he added that the election law provides for candidature on " a individual basis , and wants to know political affiliations can go to the circles and people and that it is not the matter of the committee to do so . "
regarding objections , Shbakbaki said " There is a court and a patient in every governorate where elections are in place , and any voters , or any candidate , or oppose any violations . "
neutral sources said after a initial reading of the skies , which won in the elections , it was distributed to the movement of Fatah , while Hamas has been put down in the number of municipalities .
the Islamic movement supporters obtained majority in 13 constituencies , namely them , in addition to , Tubas , Batiya , a Brik , in front of the Doha , the two hand , in order to occupy , the sources said .
as supporters of Fatah movement , they obtained majority of nine circles , namely Kafr Dik , Kafr Al-Alyk , as a bodyguard , Al-Ahyel , Al-Naya , Al-Naya , Al-Naya , Al-Naya ,
the total members : the Islamic Movement : 109 , 683 percent , which is a total of 35.6 percent , opened by a total of 44.4 percent , 40 percent , which is 13.07 percent , and other groups , and other
Turkish Prime Minister Calls for settling Cyprus 's CASE
Ankara 28 December / Xinhua / Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan called on Tuesday to take active measures with the aim of resolving the Cyprus issue .
Erdogan said before the General Assembly of the General Assembly on 2005 , " Turkey cannot protect its interests in Cyprus if it insists on the policies of the oppressed and the people of the defense , and continued to be the defense strategy . "
" in the coming days , we will seek all activity to find a solution based on the partnership and equality between the two parties , and try to resolve the issue within the framework of the United Nations , " he said .
Cyprus has been divided into the Greek Cypriot-controlled south and Turkish Cypriot-controlled north since 1974 when Turkish troops entered the north of the island after a coup seeking union with Greece .
Ankara recognizes the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state in the north .
but it does not recognize the government of the Greek Cypriot government in the south .
in addition , Erdogan said Turkey has exploited a opportunity to join the EU membership on Dec. 17 .
" this decision is a historic opportunity , not only Turkey , but also the EU for a building of different cultures , " he said .
" the most important gains we obtained from this summit is to obtain a specific date for starting membership negotiations , " he said .
the EU summit has decided to start accession negotiations with Turkey on Oct. 3 , 2005 .
however , since the great cultural , economic and cultural , cultural and cultural , Turkey faced a uphill battle to join the bloc 's membership , which includes 25 countries .
Tang Jiaxuan reiterated China 's support for the road map map
Jerusalem 28 December / Xinhua / Visiting Chinese State Councilor Tang Jiaxuan stressed here today that China 's " continuous support " of the roadmap plan , said that the Israelis and Palestinians should be committed to the opportunity to solve their disputes .
" China supports the roadmap plan for peace in the Middle East , and hopes the two sides will take their commitments and their responsibilities , " Tang said during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
the map envisions an independent Palestinian state by 2005 and requires Israel and the Palestinians to take a series of steps within this .
however , the peace plan , prepared by the United States , the United Nations , the European Union and Russia , has not been launched since June 2003 .
Tang said that the Israelis and Palestinians should be encouraged to the current opportunity to resume peace talks and resolve bilateral disputes in accordance with relevant UN resolutions and the principle of " land for peace . "
the State Council member said China is one of the permanent members of the UN Security Council , ready to play a constructive role in bringing peace in the region .
he pointed out that Sino-Israeli relations are facing a good opportunity for greater development , and expanding the friendly cooperation in various fields , and expanding the interests of the two peoples .
for his part , Sharon said that the government will do its utmost to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation with China , as developing relations with a decisive force in the world conforms to the interests of the Jewish state .
Tang , former Chinese foreign minister , met with Israeli President Moshe Katsav on Monday , and exchanged views on the current regional situation .
Tang arrived in the region on Monday for a three-day visit .
yesterday , he met with Mahmoud Abbas , chairman of the Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , and Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei .
eleven Palestinians were wounded by Israeli army gunfire in Khan Younis Yunis
Gaza 28 December / Xinhua / At least 11 Palestinians were wounded on Tuesday by Israeli army gunfire in Khan Younis refugee camp in Khan Younis , south of Gaza Strip , while another succumbed to his wounds .
witnesses said that Israeli tanks stationed on the perimeter of Neveh Dekalim , which were fired in the vicinity of Neveh Dekalim , fired several artillery shells towards the homes of Palestinians , and the districts and neighborhoods in the camp , which witnessed many violent operations in the last two weeks , killing
the injured were seriously injured , said Doctor Hayat Mohamed , who is also hospitalized .
local witnesses said that the Israeli shelling came after a mortar attack carried out by Palestinian militants on the settlement .
earlier on Monday , a Palestinian was killed by his wounds .
Ziad Abu Shaker , 18 , died of his serious wounds , which was injured by the fire tank tank in the West Bank area of Al-Qaiqah , in a time of his brother , Rami Abu Atkouh , and Abdel Karim Abu Namouos ,
Israeli military planes launched a limited raid on a Palestinian car that was traveling in Khan Younis , south of Gaza Strip , but its passengers managed to escape safely .
a Palestinian security plane fired a rocket near a civilian car in the western West Bank area of Khan Younis , a Palestinian security spokesman confirmed .
a Chinese rescue team arrives in Indonesia
Medan , 31 December / Xinhua / The Chinese medical team , 35 people arrived in Indonesia morning morning to help victims of the earthquake and cruise tsunami in this country .
the team arrived in Medan , North Sumatra , early morning and will travel later on Wednesday to the worst-hit Aceh province .
on Thursday night , a Boeing 747 plane carrying 50 tons of relief materials arrived in a field of relief .
China presented a hundred tons of relief items to Sri Lanka last Wednesday .
these items include the relief materials , which hit 21.63 million Chinese yuan ( about 2.62 million US dollars ) , mainly tents , blankets , foodstuffs and foodstuffs of the people affected by the tsunami .
the Chinese doctors are to be the third international rescue team .
the four are now the first rescue of the first rescue , which is the first ever rescue of the country .
China sent medical teams to Algeria and Iran in 2003 to save the earthquake victims there .
the Chinese seismological bureau has sent a expert to Sri Lanka to help the UN mission assess disasters .
more relief materials are expected to be sent to the affected countries because China has decided to increase its efforts to help help them .
on Sunday , the tidal waves triggered by a powerful earthquake , many of which are located by a powerful earthquake , swept several countries across the Indian Ocean and east Africa .
the deadly tidal waves claimed that the deadly tidal waves killed about 125,000 people and tourists , reports said .
in Indonesia , the death toll has reached approximately 80 thousand people .
the DPRK THREATENS TO LAUNCH GOVERNMENT TO REVORE WITH JAPAN
Pyongyang 31 December / Xinhua / The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) on Thursday criticized the Japanese government " to join the ultra-fortified forces against the DPRK " on the abduction issue , warned that it would sever governmental contact with Japan .
the threat came after a recent Japanese report on Pyongyang 's investigation into the fate of 10 Japanese people believed that Tokyo had been kidnapped since decades ago .
" we cannot accept or recognize this results ( in the report ) , and we reject it categorically , " the DPRK Central News Agency quoted spokesman of the DPRK Foreign Ministry as saying Friday .
Japan said in the report that the DNA test proved that the remains of the kidnapped Japanese woman was kidnapped by the DPRK to Japan in November , but is the remains of " two other persons . "
Tokyo 's efforts " insufficient enough " and called for the country to re-investigate the issue , said Tokyo .
" the Japanese claim about the results of the results of the results that categorically denies the sincere efforts that the DPRK has made by the DPRK to re-investigate the abduction issue and its results , " said the spokesman .
" Japan has made the sincere stance of the DPRK of democratic and hostile , for its political and hostile actions against the DPRK , " he said .
" because it has become clear that the Japanese government has publicly joined the hard-line forces in its moves against the DPRK , Pyongyang has not felt that the government contact between the DPRK and Japan is a sense of meaning , " he said .
the Japanese government should return the remains of the official channels through official channels and thoroughly investigation into truth behind the issue of " DNA testing " issue for its handling , said the spokesman .
Zarqawi GROUP , REDION OF THE REDAH CHAIRMAN , HIS DEDAH
Abu Dhabi January 1 \ Shenkhu \ The organization of Jihad , the Jihad , announced that the " Jihad base in Iraq " announced responsibility for killing the speaker of Diyala governorate and his brother in Baquba , according to a statement issued by the organization on website .
" your brothers in the military wing of Jihad in the two of the two wars , who killed one of the criminals of the two criminals in Baquba , " said the statement .
a medical source announced that militants were killed Saturday by the head of Diyala governorate and his brother .
" Novannal Abd Abd Al-Shamsi , who arrived in hospital after his death , died after his brother died in attempts to stay , " a doctor at Baquba Hospital told reporters .
a official source in the Iraqi police said that the head of the Diyala governorate , in eastern Iraq , was attacked Saturday evening in the Liberation Zone of Baquba , where unknown assailants shot dead him . he added that the brother of Al-Shmari , who was accompanied by his helicopter , was seriously
Al-Shmari took this post several months after Hisham Shawaih resigned , former council chairman , who was exposed to more assassination attempts .
in another statement on the same website , the organization announced responsibility for a car bomb explosion at Baiji refinery , 200 km north of Baghdad .
" a young battalion of the two men in the military wing of the organization of Jihad in the military wing of the Jihad , then exploded , exploded in the area of the city of Baiji , " the statement said .
a car bomb exploded Friday near a patrol patrol patrol near the Iraqi National Guard in Baiji , killing civilians and injuring six national guards , according to an US military spokesman .
spokesman : Nine Chinese deaths IN Thailand 's tsunami
Peking January 2 / Shinhua / The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said here Sunday evening that nine Chinese were confirmed dead by 9 : 30 p.m. Monday in Thailand after the deadly tsunami revolution .
the nine are also included two of Jiangsu Province , one of Inner Mongolia , and two from the Inner Mongolia , and two Taiwan , two of the Taiwan Province , according to spokesman Kong Quan , quoting the latest report from the Chinese Embassy in Bangkok .
two people were transported from the mainland in Thailand and 15 others were still missing .
reports said reports about 60 other people from Hong Kong in Thailand , Indonesia and other countries were reported .
Liao Hui , chairman of the Hong Kong Affairs Office , the State Council , held a telephone conversation with Executive Tung Chee Hwa Sunday afternoon , expressing attention to the central government , he said .
he said the central government fully supports the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government in the rescue work .
the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council expressed condolence to the families of the Taiwan victims , Kong said .
meanwhile , the relevant local governments expressed their part from their families to the families of victims and offered assistance to dealing with the disaster .
Chinese President Hu Jintao , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , Chinese Foreign Minister Wen Jiabao , Chinese and Chinese embassies in the concerned countries called for utmost efforts to help Chinese citizens stranded .
in the framework of emergency measures , Kong said the Chinese Embassy in Thailand has established a service center at Bangkok International Airport to serve the Chinese in order to provide the Chinese and the new landing of planes and not .
official of the Communist Party of China , Inving the death of the President of the Exchange Foundation across the Straits ,
Peking January 3 \ Shenkhu \ The senior official of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) expressed condolence to the death of Ku Chen , president of the Taiwan Straits Exchange Foundation in Taiwan .
" I am shocked and saddened with great sadness about the news of Mr. Ku , and then I convey my sincere condolences and condolences to you , " Chen Yunlin , director of the Taiwan Work Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) , said in a message
Ku , 89 , died in Taipei in the first hours of Sunday morning .
in his message , Chen said Ku was headed by the Straits through the Straits to promote exchanges , consultation and dialogue across the Taiwan Straits .
" Mr. Ku has held talks twice with Chairman of the Association of Relations Across the Taiwan Straits ( the mainland ) to discuss issues related to them , which will benefit people on both sides on the Straits , " Chen said .
Mr. Ku has always fulfilled the consensus reached in 1992 and doing its best to enhance relations and the cross-Straits Straits . "
in April 1993 , Ku and his Chinese mainland , Wang , held a first high-level talks between the two sides of the Taiwan Straits .
the talks were known by Wang - Ko .
the two officials met again in Shanghai in October 1998 .
the meetings were possible after the assembly and the SEF reached consensus in 1992 , which is that " both sides of the Taiwan Straits adhere to the one-China principle , " although it might be both both sides their own to their own
Ku also met during his visit in 1998 to the mainland , with then Chinese President Jiang Zemin and senior government officials and Party and Party in Beijing .
Pakistan sends relief aid to Indonesia , which hit the tsunami by tidal waves .
Islamabad January 3 \ Shenkhu \ Pakistan sent a working force to set up a field hospital for those affected by the tidal waves in Indonesia in southeast Asia .
the author , consisting of 200 members , and doctors from the Pakistani army , and medical assistants , and help help remove the debris , building temporary shelters and other evacuation efforts .
Pakistani military spokesman Shaukat Sultan said Monday that he was going to take off a aid aid in Rawalpindi , twin city of Islamabad .
the spokesman said that two C-130 transport planes will be forced to Indonesia on Monday and will work on a full way through six flights in the week .
he said that the aid force for Indonesia includes 165 people of Pakistan 's army engineers , military engineering services and 57 doctors from the Pakistani army and medical assistants .
the working force will set up a hospital with 50 beds in the region and provide treatment , and other other basic and basic operations will be sent to the Pakistani Navy , Sultan said .
the spokesman added that the task force has sufficient logistical support to carry out relief operations for almost one month .
similar aid also sent to Sri Lanka the second worst country affected by the tsunami disaster , which has lost 30,000 lives , he said .
two ships of Pakistani Navy are already in the other country , which hit the huge tsunamis , and they have 350 civilians , he added .
he stressed that there is no other requests received from other countries .
Swedish GOVERNMENT confirms losing 27 Sumridia in the sea waves
Stockholm January 3 \ Shenkhu \ The Swedish government announced on Monday that 27 people were confirmed missing in the tsunami disaster of 2,322 people , previously said they were missing .
Swedish Foreign Minister Hans Danhagain said that the death of 52 Swedish citizens , while Prime Minister Goran Persson warned about possible death of thousands of people , would be the largest number of people of Western countries .
Persson stressed on Monday that Sweden has not seen " a catastrophe of this kind of this kind and has not been brought to any war since about 200 years , " calling for Swedes to solidarity .
the latest tragedy resulted in heavy losses in the Swedish ranks in 1994 when a boat sank in the Baltic Sea , which led to a sinking of 892 people , including 551 Suu Kyi .
Swedish Foreign Ministry announced that among the 897 Swedes , 697 people , were in Thailand , and the government has no information about the whereabouts of 1495 others believed to be their holidays in the affected areas of the sea .
he said that more than 9,000 foreigners were killed or missing in the tsunami disaster triggered by a powerful earthquake off Sumatra Island on Dec. 26 .
the quake , measuring 8.7 on the Richter scale , occurred in line with the Chinese seismological bureau , off the Western coast of Sumatra Island at 6 : 58 a.m. Sunday ( 0000 GMT ) , which led to destroying villages and burning cities .
the death toll reached around 140,000 people .
Abu Gheit : the process of running elections in Iraq
Amman 5 January / Xinhua / The Egyptian Foreign Minister , Ahmed Abul Gheit , who is attending a two-day Iraqi conference , said that it is difficult to expect the election process in Iraq due to circumstances that are passing by the Iraqi society .
he expressed his hope that he would " send a message to the Iraqi people , through the unity of the unity of Iraq , " in a exclusive statement , which he said , " the conference will be directed to the Iraqi people , "
he pointed out that the ministers participating in the conference will be discussed on the unity , sovereignty , independence , Iraq , demanding the rapid implementation of the Security Council resolution , 1546 , and the continuation of the political process with a view to departure
" postponing the Iraqi elections is a matter of the government and people of Iraq , " he said , adding that Egypt had played a role to urge some countries to participate in the conference , but pointed out that Egypt had a role in order to take part in the conference , pointing out that all parties had the intention to participate and there is indications that the
the Jordanian coordination and constant coordination , he added , was a view to the visit that was exerted to Egypt recently , with a view to exchanging the opinion of the conference .
he also pointed out that there is no Egyptian mediation to convince Iraq to participate in elections , calling for the Iraqi people to reconcile and stop the violence , and that violence , and march towards political process , reached stability , and
France plans to attend the emergency ASEAN Summit
Paris January 5 \ Shenkhu \ The French Foreign Minister , for cooperation , development and Francophone , will attend the ASEAN emergency summit , which will be held on Thursday on the sea disaster disaster .
French Foreign Ministry spokesman Herve Ladsous said Deros " will review France 's efforts to help the affected countries , and reiterated it is a new intention to contribute to its partners in rehabilitation efforts and building in this countries . "
France has sent nearly 100 rescue workers and more than 60 tons of humanitarian aid to Sri Lanka , 85 rescue workers and 70 tons of aid to Indonesia , said Ladsous .
France will focus its efforts in Molabh ( Indonesia ) , one of the nearest regions to the quake center which hit the Indonesian island of Sumatra and a fatal killer of the sea , which has been killed on Dec. 26 , which has been killed by India , Sri Lanka , Malaysia , Malaysia and
French space hospital is now being set up in Mobabouh area , and work will start from Thursday , Ladsous said .
the two French ships , sent to the Indian Ocean , were a relief mission , the helicopter carrier Jan Dark , the anti-submarine frigate , George Lyat , will be sent to Indonesia in mid-January , with 18 doctors , 60 engineers , 60 , 000 tons of food and water , and a total of 18 tons of food and water
Chinese Premier of the State Council vows to help the region hit the region by the tsunami .
China 's willingness to participate in data provided by the Chinese satellite , Fengyun II , and provide information , and technical support on forecasting weather , environmental monitoring and disaster assessment , he said .
" I suggested that 10 + 1 + 1 Symposium on prevention of diseases in the post-disaster phase under the auspices of the World Health Fund ( ASEAN ) , " he said , adding that China is ready to host ASEAN conference on reducing disasters and look forward to holding talks with ASEAN and South Asian countries on signing bilateral and multilateral
he added that China , furthermore , should finance participation in expertise and training projects on prevention and relief , and reconstruction of disasters , and reconstruction .
" we propose priority to reducing disasters , prevention , disaster relief in cooperation between China and ASEAN , and in cooperation between China and China , and the Republic of Korea , in addition to the Asian cooperation dialogue in close cooperation on disaster monitoring , " he added .
" we appreciate great appreciation made by the United Nations and the international community in helping the affected countries , and support the leadership , coordination and coordination of the United Nations , and the World Health Organization , in providing humanitarian aid , and
China will play an active role in the UN relief campaign , and other international organizations and international organizations , he said .
in response to an appeal from the United Nations , the Chinese government decided to make progress on its commitments of 20 million dollars for relief efforts and reconstruction of multilateral reconstruction .
Chinese people ' donations to victims of tsunamis are steadily growing .
Peking January 7 \ Shenkhu \ The Ministry of Civil Affairs said Friday that the size of the money for victims of the tsunami victims is steadily growing while various donations are continuing in China .
social organizations and people nationwide have donated 104.96 million yuan ( about 12.69 million US dollars ) to victims of the tsunami , which hit southern and southeast Asian countries till 4 : 00 p.m. Friday afternoon by the Chinese Red Cross Association and the Chinese charity , and local and local organizations .
Chen Min , director of disaster relief management department , said that the ministry will publish the size of donations first by Powell early Friday .
Friday , China 's establishment of poverty and bio-food , a American humanitarian organization , announced that they will be set up with a value of 5.30 million US dollars to Indonesia .
medicine reached the Tianjin port in north China , and is ready to transport , said Wang Xingti , one of the officials of the poverty alleviation organization .
meanwhile , the Industrial Bank of China and Commercial Trade , China 's largest commercial banks , provided free communication services to those who wish to donate money for Asian countries from tsunami waves .
the foreign ministry staff , including employees of embassies and consulates in other countries , have been given up a total of 5.34 million yuan ( about 640 thousand US dollars ) to Thursday .
the total number of a total of 710 yuan ( about 85500 US dollars ) has been granted to the Chinese charity assembly and about 2 million yuan ( about 240,000 US dollars ) and about $ 240,000 have been delivered to governments of the tsunami-hit countries .
Indian GOVERNMENT plans to enact law management
new Delhi January 9 \ Shenkhu \ The Indian government decided on Sunday to enact a law on disaster management and set up an early warning system to prevent disasters , such as tsunami , which swept into the country on Dec. 26 , the Indo-Asian News Service reported .
although the government said that the tsunami disaster was dealt with a national catastrophe , the Indian Defense Minister , Prunak Mukherjee , said that there is no proposal to cancel the celebrations of the republic 's Day , which falls on Jan. 26 or
Mukherjee said all political parties in the government meeting want a law on disaster management and an early warning system .
the government agreed to provide a bill on disaster management in the coming session of Parliament , said Suschma Suraj , leader of the BJP .
" it is also decided to establish a big program for building new houses for children , " Mukherjee said .
however , the government still has to complete the assessment of the number of children who lost their parents .
at least 1,0012 people were killed while 524 were killed after tidal waves swept off the southern coast and islands on Dec. 26 .
another decision was taken at the meeting to build houses of fishermen on safe distances from beaches , as well as laying appropriate measures to provide psychological consultation for survivors from tidal waves and the government of non-governmental organizations in rehabilitation efforts and preserving environmental balance .
the minister said that the government still believes that it has resources to meet relief efforts but would demand loans from the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank for Development projects in the affected areas .
more than 600,000 people are still in relief camps in the affected areas .
the government has promised to provide immediate aid to the US and the federal land , which struck the tsunami .
Prime Minister : Pakistan gives priority to defense and stability
Islamabad January 10 \ Shenkhu \ The Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz described the defense and stability of the country as of the most important priorities , saying that the government is going in the process of building the country 's reconstruction and military power
" protecting the country 's sovereignty and stability is the most important priority , " the Associated Press of Pakistan quoted prime minister as saying during a visit to Pakistani factories to weapons .
the prime minister said Pakistan has no aggressive designs against one of one , but the country 's main right to make its defense to make its defense to be carried out against any aggression .
" we fully recognize our right to defend it . "
however , Shaukat Aziz stressed that the country 's defense does not depend on modern weapons , and that it requires a strong economy to achieve this goal .
" we must make progress in other fields , " he said .
all the strata of society and each part of the country must enjoy prosperity . "
he added that the government was in the construction of the country .
the prime minister pointed out that wise policies and earnestly implement the country in development stage , which is the beginning of the beginning of the first stage , becoming a advanced country .
" so I say that 2005 is a important general in our history , " he said .
but he added that the government needs to ensure the continuity of these policies , and each individual should work hard and complete and complete .
" policies and steps that we are doing , will serve the national interest , not to achieve personal gains , " he said .
the prime minister explained that efforts are being made to ensure self-sufficiency in all fields and make the country a economic strong country .
all resources should be available to guarantee the dignity of the country and its prestige in the complex of the countries , he said .
" we will never allow anyone to do with any person that can be intimidated by Pakistan , " he said .
the United Nations pledges to help implement the peace agreement in southern Sudan
the United Nations on January 10 ( Xinhua ) , the UN Security Council pledged on Monday to provide assistance , including deploying peacekeeping troops in southern Sudan , in implementing the historic peace agreement signed by the Sudanese government on Sunday .
the comprehensive peace agreement was signed by the government and the SPLA in Nairobi , capital of Kenya , to end an civil war that killed at least 2 million people and displaced another 4 million people and forced 600,000 people to resort to other countries .
" the Security Council members will soon discuss appropriate support that can be extended by the United Nations to implement the peace agreement , including the deployment of a important , international and international , in order to start , " the council said in a statement . in a statement ,
the statement , read by the press , said that the council was determined to monitor the other major conflict in Darfur region in western Sudan .
all concerned parties should be in Darfur to maintain the ceasefire , which signed last April , and to work on a peaceful settlement , the council stressed .
the Darfur conflict has left 1.65 million people and killed at least 30,000 others .
the accusations of the Janjaweed , which is active in Darfur , is to kill and raping thousands of villagers in what the United Nations has been the worst humanitarian crisis in the world .
" members of the Security Council expressed hope and their belief that signing this agreement is a important event in the history of Sudan , and we are going to implement it , and call the government that will emerge from national unity to work quickly to promote peace across the
Chinese scientists are aware of a animal animal living in the mountains of Thadoe
Peking January 13 / Shinhua / The report published Thursday , published on Thursday , said Chinese scientists discovered a feudal animal of the fossils in northeast China 's Liaoning Province .
the discovery of Hu , Wang Yuan , Wang Yuan , Li Kiki , all of the Uniononociology Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , and the Chinese Academy of Sciences ,
the animal animal living in the drighes lived in the folhes .
the discovery pointed out that some large animal animals , which lived in this times , may have a fine of meat and has enough courage to compete with the dinosaurs on food and living and living .
the bones of bones were found , including a small and small , small and small , a small and small , a small and small , in his stomach , Li said .
the unusual artrigess means that the animal of the feudal animal was poisoned and its fire , without any or striking , Li said .
he said that before the recent discovery , most scientists were believed to be exposed to the fact that the animal animals in the Dedhar , the intermediary of the intermediary , was relatively small and active at night .
it was supposed that it is being risky and is not going to reach the insects .
Li said that the new discoveries challenged the view that long long thought that some of the most primitive animals had been exposed to the size of the small dinosaurs .
scientists believed that they were eating small animals and go in broad daylight .
on the basis of this analysis , the dinosaur , which was passed by a third third of the size of the animal of the animal , was the most important of the size of the animal .
Russia believes that the final peace agreement with Japan is the long in the long term of the long
Moscow January 13 \ Shenkhu \ The Russian Foreign Ministry said Thursday that a peace agreement with Japan to end the official hostility between the two countries , which dates back to Second World War , is hopeful .
" this work continues and will continue , " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Alexeyev was quoted by Interfax news agency as saying .
it is a complicated work , perhaps it will take long time , " he said .
the commentary came on eve of Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura 's visit to Moscow , which is expected to pave the way for Russian President Vladimir Putin to Japan later this year , according to his Horschedule .
Russia and Japan are still to sign a peace agreement to end war , due to the continuation of the conflict on four islands north of Japan , where the Soviet Union has been occupied in recent days from the second World War II .
Russia has recently offered to Japan two of the Algerians - known as South Kuril in Russia and North Korea , after a peace agreement , citing a joint declaration signed in 1956 between the Soviet Union and Japan .
Japan has asked Japan to return all the four islands - stretching from north Japan to the brink of the Russian Peninsula , saying that it is the prelude of signing a peace agreement .
Machimura is expected to discuss the two countries ' long regional dispute , and prepare Putin 's tour in Japan and bilateral economic cooperation , Itar-Tass news agency reported .
other issues are expected to discuss other issues including the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and Iraq .
American DEPUTIES : DPRK will join again again
Seoul January 14 / Shinhua / An US Congress delegation visited Pyongyang earlier this week , said a US Congress delegation who visited Pyongyang earlier this week .
the US delegation led by Kurt and Deputy Chairman of the Armed Forces of the People 's Assembly ( SPDC ) , said the US delegation , made a press conference Friday at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade .
" our dream all that the DPRK is ready to return again again , " he told reporters .
" I am convinced that if we are moving forward , we can move forward in the process we can resume today , and the six-party talks will resume within weeks , not in months or years , " he said .
he expressed his satisfaction with the meetings with DPRK officials , describing as " important and positive , " and " positive , positive , positive , " and the meeting .
" I think that the relationship reached a level that we have not seen from the truth and frankness with the DPRK officials , with them with them in the past four days , " he said .
the six-party nuclear talks , stalled since September last year , aim at resolving the nuclear issue peacefully on the Korean Peninsula .
the fourth round of multilateral talks was postponed .
the US delegation arrived in Seoul earlier Friday after a three-day visit to Pyongyang from Tuesday to Thursday .
the Presidium of the Supreme Democratic Committee of the DPRK Supreme Council , Kim Yong Nam and Foreign Minister Paek Nam , was met with the chief of the Panmunjom Mission of the Korean People 's Assembly , Kim Yong , a senior official of the Panmunjom
before South Korea , the US deputies will meet with South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon , Minister of Unification Chung Dong-young and Defense Minister Yoon Dong-young .
Washington hopes to stop contacts between Israel and the Palestinians " temporarily "
Washington January 15 \ Shenkhu \ The US Secretary of State Colin Powell expressed his hope on Friday that the suspension of contacts , which Israel has been called with the Palestinians , called for " temporary " efforts , calling for the Palestinian National Authority to make every possible effort to contain violence
the American Administration has not been given any official reaction to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's decision to suspend contacts with the Palestinians and with the Palestinian National Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas after launching an attack at the Karni crossing , which killed six Israelis
in response to a question for Radio America Radio , Powell said , " I hope that this matter is a temporary stop , " in resuming the peace process , which was followed by electing a new Palestinian president .
Powell refrained from criticizing Ariel Sharon , but he said Abbas " knows perfectly known that he must control those terrorists . "
Powell said Sharon wanted to say in his message " I want to be a partner in peace , and I want to progress , and to the election of President Abu Mazen , but you can control those terrorists . "
according to the text , the Palestinian presidential was to meet with the terrorist groups , said the Foreign Minister , adding that the Palestinian presidential should move towards terrorist groups .
" we will help them rebuild its security forces , but at the end of this matter , this matter should be done in cooperation between Palestinian officials and people , " he said .
on Friday , Sharon decided to suspend all contacts with Palestinians until another notice was postponed on the checkpoint crossing .
the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , affiliated to Fatah movement , announced responsibility for the operation .
the two , which will be sworn on Saturday as head of the Palestinian National Authority , condemned the attack on Friday .
Kuwaiti Prime Minister , emphasizing Kuwait 's keenness on maintaining security and stability in Iraq
Kuwait January 15 \ Shenkhu \ Kuwaiti Premier , Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah , stressed Kuwait 's keenness on achieving security and stability in Iraq , saying " the elections must be held in Iraq , and all those are in Iraq , we will be more affected by
this came in a statement made by Sheikh Sabah , who made a lightning visit to reporters after wrapping up a lightning visit by Jordanian Prime Minister and Defense Minister Faisal al-Fayez to Kuwait on Monday .
he said he discussed with his Jordanian counterpart with a number of issues including regard to the future of situations in Iraq and what was discussed in the Arab League recently regarding reforms .
on the elections in Iraq , Sheikh Sabah said : " the issue of elections is being left to do Iraq , only one of the future of this process . "
he stressed that the stability of Iraq , saying that " what is important that stability in that country is to achieve stability in this country and now the Iraqis are now going to be in Kuwait , " we will be here in Kuwait .
Sheikh Sabah stressed that there was a convergence of views between Kuwait and Iraq , as well as Kuwait , all Arab countries , " as elections and stability in Iraq . "
on whether of the meeting , the views of the reform project raised in Cairo , the first day of the Arab foreign ministers , said that " this issue will be on agenda of the upcoming summit agenda in Algeria . "
Fayez had held talks with the Emir of Sheikh , Sheikh Sabah , on bilateral relations and ways to develop the issues of issues on the Arab and international arena .
Sharon , dubbed the Israeli army in fighting terrorism in Gaza
Jerusalem 16 January / Shinhua / Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday that the Israeli Defense Forces has absolute freedom in fighting terrorism , as part of the Gaza Strip .
" the Israeli Defense Forces and security forces have instructed to strengthen the activities of operations aimed at stopping terrorism , and they will continue to work without restrictions , " said the prime minister at his residence in Jerusalem before a meeting of the weekly cabinet meeting .
I assure , without restrictions , that the Palestinians are unsunted from showing a minimum reaction , " he said .
" the IDF forces and security forces have issued instructions to implement any and all measures to stop terrorism , " he added .
Sharon also accused the Palestinian National Authority under the leadership of the new elected president , Mahmoud Abbas , not to make any effort to resist armed activities of the Kashmiris .
" despite the change of leadership in the Palestinian National Authority , we see that those who are now leading to do not have to take any kind of action to stop terrorism , " he said .
meanwhile , Israel Radio reported that Palestinians fired two Qassam rockets earlier from the Gaza Strip in the southern Gaza Strip , causing minor losses .
the Israeli Air Force fired rockets on Gaza City as a rare retaliation for the past , where the Israeli military units had been checked in refugee camps around the city .
the radio report said that the air strike destroyed a workshop in Gaza City and rocket launchers in the village of Beit Lahya in northern Gaza village of Beit Lahia .
giant CHINESE AUTO COMPANY achieves a record annual export
Changchun January 19 \ Shenkhu \ The first group of car in China , a major number of car producers in China , achieved a new record with 10336 cars last year , up 251 percent compared with 2003 , said the company Wednesday .
all the exported cars are a target of the company 's Siemens , said the company .
meanwhile , the company has registered a record record of more than one million cars last year , becoming the largest company manufacturing company in China .
a Chinese expert said that the auto manufacturing company is believed to be preparing to compete with foreign companies .
relevant industries will develop and mainly " raise quality and reduce cost , " he said .
he said that half of the one million cars that had sold the company will have been owned by the company .
other models , owned by joint projects , will contribute to the company 's firm .
he said that he should face the challenges of the market recession and the rise of oil prices , which is seeking to reduce the cost of production , developing small products , and the production of cars that consume less energy and a less
the headquarters of the Far East company in Changchun , capital of northeast China 's Jilin Province , is located .
169 thousand trucks , a total of 50 heavy , and a Hughi car , a sedan , was sold , and 95,000 tons of Toyota , a total of 300,000 cars , 300 thousand cars , and 130,000 cars , and 130,000 cars , and one thousand cars
2888 service centers have set up the country .
China and Canada are a joint statement , which is in the sustainable growth of sustainable growth , which is in the sustainable growth of sustainable growth .
Peking January 20 / Shinhua / China and Canada issued a joint communique here Thursday , on Thursday , in which they agreed to unify efforts to achieve sustainable growth through trade , investment and innovation .
the two sides stressed the role of the WTO , and agreed to improve cooperation in light of this framework .
" as members of the WTO , the two main trade and trade organizations , there is no doubt that the multilateral trade system and its construction of rules is vital to achieve prosperity in both countries , " said the two sides in joint statement .
they agreed to cooperate closely to prepare for the ministerial meeting of the World Trade Organization , which will be held in Hong Kong later this year to promote the completion of the Doha Agenda for successful development , according to the statement .
the statement said China 's entry into the WTO has created unprecedented opportunities for cooperation between enterprises in both countries . " we will also strengthen our cooperation through a ambitious program to help the technical assistance of China and its international activities in the WTO , " said the statement .
the statement pointed out that bilateral economic relations between China and Canada are strong .
the two sides agreed to strengthen this relationship through a series of concrete initiatives designed to support the continuous expansion of the partnership in trade , investment and innovation .
in addition , the statement said that the two sides were keen to deal with the problem of global warming in light of their common commitment towards sustainable development and balanced growth .
the joint statement issued after the official talks held by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , with visiting Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin , was issued Thursday afternoon .
